I've Been Naughty I haven't meant to neglect you guys , I just haven't felt like writing or visiting these past few days . Mom seems to be getting a bit better for that I am so thankful . The kids have gotten their tax refunds back and the clean up will begin . We are planning to put down laminate flooring and give the walls a new coat of paint . Heather and Robert got me a new computer of which I am slowly learning . Just got it last night and it's awesome but will take me a bit to learn the windows 8 . They also bought me a Nook of which I am learning to use . They got both John and Hope one earlier in the week . They can grow with them and Hope can use hers for school reading books and such . Speaking of Hope she got honor roll again this nine weeks and for the semester and will also receive two principal awards . Bobby is helping me figure out my new computer at moment . All kids are up and moving . Figured I'd better check in and let you know I'm doing okay . Oh yeah we are having a huge snow storm at moment too .. 	2
Have you ever felt ... Have you ever felt the feeling that everything is shit , yet everything is calm ? That's how I'm feeling right now . I've got a job that I thought I would like . But three and a half months in I'm feeling burnt out . I realised that my friend who got in to the same job a few months before I did is earning more than me . I recently spoke to the girl whom I liked for 6 years after many years of not talking to her . She used to call me her soulmate but because of other circumstances previously we couldn't be together . Now she tells me about this other guy who verbally abuses her , and she calls him her soulmate . I also realised that we both have changed in our ways and now she's become boring to talk to . After 6 years . My best friend just had an operation to remove her tumour and the doctor said it is very aggressive and is likely to return at some point in her life . She is the only one whom I can talk to about all these issues that I listed her but I don't want to trouble her with anything I write here because she's got her own battles to win . For the first time in my life I sweared at my mother because I couldn't take this stress anymore . I told her I don't want to live anymore and I just wanted to die . I want my our years of misery to end . She has been struggling financially for so many years and she's also been a fervent Christian . I feel like leaving church because I feel like God has abandoned me . All I wanted was to be the best that I can be . I constantly strived to be the best in all that I do . I put in effort knowing that working hard and smart goes a long way . But yet this is how I feel . I realised that I have no one else to call out on the weekends now that my best friend is in hospital . She's different . She's got many friends . She's super nice and she has many people around her . I'm not sore about that . I'm very glad for the fact that many people care for her . I just feel so alone . And I realise that I have no friends . No friends to call out . No friends . And all these happened in the last two weeks I don't know if I can take this anymore . Yet I smile and laugh when people tell jokes . I try to stay positive and tell people to cheer up when I'm really really fucking crushed . 	2
Sad time in our family I have been a little busy lately to get this posted but some of you know of my grandma and her sister coming here for her sister to go to hospital here for her Chemo treatments . Once a month they would come except through the winter . This past Monday her battle with cancer has ended . She was in the hospital for a couple days knowing she was not going home after this . My mom and I were going to go visit her but my grandma did not want us to come watch her die . I am not sure who was there when she passed . I think her grand kids were there . My grandma has been staying busy with work during this time . Not even a death in the family will keep her away from work . The funeral will be next week . I will need to take some time off from work . Dan has already got the time off . I will see my boss tonight about it . Also going to switch tomorrow and Friday around . My brother will be coming home . He has not been back home since October I believe . Because of car issues we had not seen him from Christmas . I actually have not opened gifts from him yet . My grandma actually has them right now . I know he got me a $50 Amazon gift card . I really need that right now . Need some new books and music . In other news the storms have no stopped . Last night a town near by was hit by a tornado since it happened late last night and it was in our county we had to stop work and go to the tornado ready area which was our coolers . We were probably in there for 30 minutes . The other thing is I don't even think it rained . Just hit hard and disappeared . Storms are popping up all over the state but not near us at the moment . I heard maybe late tonight . Who knows what will happen . I am just glad to not see rain . I think tomorrow we are still batting storms but after that I think it's over . I just hope tomorrow it is not raining . Their has been too much flooding going on . Had to battle some issues on my running path . Here are some flooding photos . I little overflow . This is normally 1-2 feet deep . 3-4 feet wide . It is a run off to the creek . You should see a fishing dock from 2-3 feet tall . You should a grassy island on your right hand side . Also should see a large rock in the middle of this creek . Also you should see another fishing dock . Their should be no water here . This water is blocking my running path . I hope it's down tomorrow morning but I am guessing it won't be . Their is a huge rock you should see in this photo . I'll post more photos maybe this weekend . I want to show photos of what this area usually looks like before the flooding . 	2
Me [ 16M ] with my girlfriend [ 14F ] of a year and two months have started to have sex and I have a number of questions I feel like these questions don't quite belong in this sub , and if they don't , finding out where they do would be helpful . My questions have less to do with our relationship , and more with an impending physical evaluation I'll have to go to in order to have the information readily available for a potential fencing camp during the summer . And with a physical evaluation always comes the question of " Are you sexually active ? " What exactly is the definition of sexually active , in this case ? My girlfriend and I have * started * to have sex , but have not actually had sex yet . Since last time was the first time , the both of us were a tad nervous to be fully in the mood , but we attempted to have sex anyway . I was wearing a condom , and no penetration happened . It occurred to me that this physical evaluation would be coming up , and I wondered if that would count as sexually active . Second , what is the degree of physician-patient confidentiality involved ? I live in Pennsylvania , and the age of consent here is 16 . Assuming what we've done would be defined as sexually active : If I were to say yes , would the doctor be able or required to tell a parent or guardian that I'm sexually active because I am still a minor , or would they not because I am above the age of consent ? Third , regarding our ages , what exactly are the legal details involved ? I turned sixteen in March , and she will be fifteen in half a month . Is our relationship covered under Romeo and Juliet laws , since the age gap is less than two years ? If it is not , if the doctor became aware of the fact that she is below the state's legal age of consent , is the doctor legally required to report that I'm sexually active with someone under the age of consent ? If the doctor isn't required to report it as a crime , is the doctor then required to report it to the parent or guardian of the person under the age of consent ? And finally : Is saying that I'm sexually active worth more than the potential punishment involved , even if my girlfriend and I never got any further than undressing and trying to penetrate with no success ? Because I was wearing a condom , any risk of an STD would be eliminated in this case , correct ? ** tl ; dr : Girlfriend and I went to have sex , didn't: Physical evaluation is coming up , and I don't know half as much about the definitions and various laws involved as I probably should . ** 	2
A car carrying two people inside pulls into the driveway of my house . The driver is a short , young woman who gets out of the car and walks to my front door where I am standing . She looks confused and opens a small piece of paper with the words " Republic Airport " written down , indicating that she is lost and seeks help . " It is not far from here " , I say . Then she explains that her passenger is " X . ' s wife " , i.e. , the wife of my girlfriend's boss . She asks if I can drive the two of them to the airport . I hesitate . Then the passenger gets out of the car and comes to the door . She is a tall , attractive middle-aged woman . " Pleased to meet you , Doctor Y . " , she says to me gracefully . Impressed that she knows my title , I think to myself , " She really knows who I am . " Then I say to the two women , " Okay , let's go . " 	1
I am somewhere in the lower level of a building and a friend is having a baby at the top . It is difficult to get up there to help her as the way is blocked . There has been a storm or accident . I get there and she has the baby okay . 	1
An example of my depression Your at a stage of life where you have nothing to do , no one to do it with and no one to talk to . People who were once your friends are gone . Your left with nothing . 	2
I'm an emotionless robot , help ! A little background , I'm the female and 7 years older than my boyfriend . I've been divorced 2x's , screwed over financially , cheated on , and I survived a violent rape at age 17(by my bf at the time ) It's no excuse to be a jerk by any means , but its left me cold . My current bf is very sweet and often expresses his care for me physically and with words , frequently . He talks about wanting to spend our lives together , marriage , living together ... It doesn't bother me , I like it ... But from experience I know that we all FEEL those things , but only time will tell what the future holds . I'm here asking for help because I feel bad for him . I dont reciprocate those expressed feelings . I have them , but keep them to myself . It feels juvenile to me to slather it on all the time and I can't seem to respond much , or well , when he does that . I feel selfish , but I'm not sure if its okay to act this way ... I can't seem to force myself ... I just feel like an asshole . Almost as bad as the scenarios where someone says " I love you " and your response is " aw thanks " . I dont want to destroy our relationship , but feel like my display of emotionless expression may result in that . Help ! 	2
Dear snow : FUCK OFF . Sincerely , me . Yeah , I'm close to nothing . I feel like someone has opened my energy valve and let all the energy out . It's one of those " I could fix it , if I could GO OUTSIDE " ( longer than just to get in my car ) things , but it's been so cold that it's out of the question . And with that : This is how I feel whenever I sit down and try to concentrate on my homework : 	2
Contradictions My whole life , I've been living with voices . Two voices that are exactly the same continued to contradict each other , sometimes spouting out both things that made sense and didn't as part of my everyday life . When I was a child , this always bothered and annoyed me , but I suppose that being bombarded with interruptions for years can become but mere background noise . " You aren't going to pass the finals , just give up , " the voice said to me as I sat on the chair , preparing myself to study in my well-lit room . " It isn't going to work . " " No ! Don't give up , " the same voice would say . " You're going to pass this . I believe in you . " It had become comforting for a while . Every time the voice said something negative to bring me down , to discourage me , the same voice would always contradict it and say that I can do the things I can do . In a way , I got motivation in my everyday life ; from despair to hope , I always bounced back . There were times that the things that the negative voice said came true , even if the positive voice had been encouraging me to be positive . I got disheartened , for a while , and then moved on . There were times that the positive voice was the one that's right this time , which provided me relief and joy as a side-reward for believing in myself . These voices may be annoying to the majority , but I've seen them in an optimistic way . But lately , things had changed … after I accidentally got myself in a cinch at my workplace , the negative voice had increased its volume . It's louder now , and more frequent . Normally , I wouldn't mind . The positive voice would always contradict it . I , however , felt worse about what the negative voice keeps saying . It disturbed me . " I'm sorry , but I think your performance has been … underwhelming , to say the least , " my boss said . " You're bringing this company down . " The negative voice kept talking over my boss . " He's going to fire you , isn't he ? It's all your fault for being half-assed at your job . You're completely worthless . " " It's not true , he's not going to fire you , " the meek positive voice said . I asked my boss what this meant . What a stupid question , of course - I was going to be fired . And of course , I was right . " You're such a dumbass . He's going to send people to kill you , you know . Just wait for it . You're the reason the company's going down . You can't even do things right , " the negative voice said once again , and for the first time since I heard it , it laughed . " Don't listen to him , " the positive voice said . Its voice was becoming quieter . Everyday , the negative voice kept talking to me , no matter what I did or where I went . " Your mother doesn't love you , " it said . " If only you were aborted . " The positive voice only slightly protested . It came to the point I couldn't do anything without hearing the voices . I couldn't answer the job interviewers properly . I couldn't talk to my parents anymore with the voices talking over them . All social communications were closed and out of the question , as only the voices kept talking to me . Back and forth , the negative and positive voices continued talking about things that weren't even related to what I was doing at the time . " Hey , how do you think does it feel when you cut yourself ? You should try it , " it suggested . The soft positive voice would strike back . " It won't feel good , please don't cut yourself . " As I held the recently found baseball bat in front of my face , the voice chimed in . " Smash yourself with it . " It kept continuing , on and on and on again . " Your father was an achiever … but you're just a worthless piece of shit . " " A failure like you shouldn't continue living . You disgust me . " " No woman will ever love you . Why ? Because you're just a living corpse . Rotting , full of maggots , and you have no value at all , " it said , laughing in a deep tone that sounded like it was also wheezing . It would cackle after every insult . Eventually , all I could hear were the voices . The constant argument between pessimism and optimism . Imagine one person who kept shouting near your ears while he also kept whispering near it . That was how it felt . I kept suffering as I heard these voices in my head … and I couldn't take it anymore . I finally decided to kill myself . I bought the necessary materials and equipment , and prepared to hang myself . I stepped up to the stool and held the tied noose . " Do it . No one will miss you . " " Please don't… " I didn't want to go to Hell . If I went to Hell , I would surely hear these voices again . So I prayed - prayed that this time , I'll go to Heaven and be happy there . Once I put the noose around my neck , I heard the voice one last time before I jumped . " There is no Heaven or Hell . Once you die , it will only be you and me . " And there was no voice to contradict it this time . 	2
Other Wedding Stuff I had the other entry which talked about money and such , but with so many days left , I am struggling to get a few last minute things . Shoes - I have decided to ditch the heels ( especially since I don't normally wear them ) , and go for some flat shoes . I just need to find a pair that isn't a lot of money and are cute . Etsy is inanely expensive . Lexi needs some shoes as well . She got her dress and needs something sparkly to go with it . Garter - I have a few picked out on Etsy . I just need to choose one . Jewelry - I am thinking about using my mom's pearls , especially since my dress is more of a soft white , not shocking white , and the details on it are delicate and not too flashy . I think pearls may look nice . I am thinking about some earrings that have pearls with some blingy stuff , but not too much . This I am struggling with as well . Ring - Richie got his ring . However ( I know he hates me sharing this ) , I told him that I would be willing to settle for a fake out ring until he is working again and we are settled money-wise . I found an absolutely gorgeous set that has fantastic reviews and doesn't look fake I am quite excited about it . I just need to find my ring size , or get sized . I know he feels a bit upset about this , but I am comfortable with it , as I know that things just need to be done , and it isn't even about the ring . Frame - We have a guestbook alternative . It is a print that will be framed . I just need a kick ass frame for it . Do you know how hard it is to just pick out a frame ? Ring Bearer box - I want a box to hold our rings . With Callum , I can just see our rings disappearing . I found a box I liked , emailed the shop owner asking to confirm that I would get it in time for the wedding ... 2 days later , no response . Back to square one . Gifts & Favors - I need to order the favors for the guests . This is waiting until I get a final count . Since this is coming down to the penny , I am trying to make sure that we get what we need . I still have no clue what to do for bridesmaid favors ( as well as Lexi and flower girl ) . The men are easy ... something for what they do , which is guy things . Thank goodness the bridal party is small , so no real expense . I think that is it .... right ? Probably not . I am full of energy today , but tired at the same time . 	2
I'm a teenager that wants a job but I feel as if I'm being a spoiled brat about it . I've been longing for a par t-t ime job with an afternoon shift , so I can also focus on my studies . Been looking for maybe 2 months , and It's impossible to get a job as a teenager ( at least in Spain ) . The reasons are because I want to enroll in a music school that offers the chance to form yourself professionally , whether it is as a musician , composer or producer . I'd love to work in the music industry . The whole purpose of my life is to be a musician . I've got most of my career as a student worked out , and I'm on a straight course , full-throttle into the " Composition of Contemporary Music " university career . But all of the music schools in Madrid are private ( meaning you have to pay monthly to enroll ) , even the municipal ones ( government owned ) . The thing is , I need the money to pay 300€/mo and I cannot find anything , not even 70/month . I've talked to my parents about it , but we can't afford such a huge expense . They've also offered to help me find a job , but also found nothing . Also , I want an Epiphone Les Paul Plustop Pro , so I can at least get a decent guitar . Right now I'm playing an awful Encore E6 , with which I cannot adjust the truss rod or the intonation . So I'm left with a guitar that plays and sounds horrendously . For the love of God , I feel like I'm going to go deaf tone in a month and get carpal tunnel at the same time ! I want to play the game " Life Is Strange " , I've been waiting for it for so long , and here it is , at the edge of my fingertips and I can't play it ! A friend of mine also offered to gift me the game on PC , but I have a potato with an ATI 2400HD THAT CAN'T FUCKING RUN HORSE SHIT . So I'm forced to buy it on Xbox 360 , which runs at 30fps and looks horrendous . But of course , I can't buy it because I have no money . (* IRRELEVANT * : Just in case people start asking how I got the Xbox , I bought the Xbox myself from various one-shot jobs ; such as fixing a friend's PC , helping my grandma cook for a party , serving as a waiter at a Valentine's Day banquet ... But working like that isn't really an option , since I'd need the money monthly . ) I know how fortunate I am . There are people like me that could make the same kind of rant , but begging for food . Reading through this subreddit I'm looking at people who broke up with their SOs , lost their mothers to cancer , and ( holy shit ) a guy who's dog got hit-and-runned . And that also maddens me too , that I worry so much over such a tiny thing . But I simply can't help it , I try to just shrug it off , but I can't . It just bothers me so much that I'm so selfish ... Seriously , to the guy who's dog got ran over , I can't possibly express how deeply sorry I am for you . It must be so hard to cope with such an experience . ** TL ;D R ** Want a job so I can enroll in a music school , buy a Les Paul , play " Life Is Strange " and build a PC . I feel bad about it because there's people who have it so much worse than me . 	2
Depressed/Broke to Happy/Retired in 4 years . Because we're fighters . Hi Everyone , I hope you're all doing OK and hanging in there tonight . I remember the hopelessness , dread for tomorrow , and fear that constantly controlled my mind when I was depressed - my hearts go out to you . I'll keep this short , as I'm frankly not sure a " happy story " would have appealed to me when I was depressed . However , I do understand that different people respond to different things . In short , I experienced deep bouts of depression starting around 18 through 27 . As is the case with so many people , it wasn't diagnosed and treated for years - until I was around 24 . The first couple years of treatment were horrible ; being a lab rat trying a multitude of medications that messed me up , and testing out different psychologists - some complete , incompetent assholes . However , it's so important to just hold on and keep fighting , because though I barely did ( but I did ) , it finally led me to the right combination of therapy & amp ; medication treatments . I'm very grateful for this , and wish everyone could eventually discover this . Anyways , once I was feeling consistently balanced and healthy - which , by the way , is a weird , but incredible and wonderfully rewarding feeling - I ended 12+ months of unemployment in the depths of the " great recession " and found a commission-only sales job . Let me tell you : sales is a dog-eat-dog rejection game , and it could easily be a huge trigger to depression . However , I realized I had an arsenal of strength that only people like us possess . As soon as I began my job , I realized that one of my greatest weapons were the memories of the fight , the wounds received as I found my way out of the depths of depression , just to simply show up . I was surrounded by typical , normal people who just took this for granted ! So everyday was a gift that I EARNED and I took full advantage . Only four years later - I'm still pinching myself since getting there - I was one of the most successful people in the business . The point is that anything is possible ; you never know what will show up to help you tomorrow . Please , if you get past this difficult point - whether through the help of your loved ones , professionals , medication - remember that you are genuinely unique and this war raging on inside you is preparing you for really good times too . It's horrible right now , but the flip side could be awesome . 	2
I want to go somewhere far away and live alone in my own flat and patiently wait for my last breath . Unfortunately my chances to live well-enough are very low . I'm in school yet , but i'm doing terrible . There's nothing i love enough and nothing i am able to do . I don't feel hapiness anymore I want to go somewhere far away and live alone in my own flat and patiently wait for my last breath . Unfortunately my chances to live well-enough are very low . I'm in school yet , but i'm doing terrible . There's nothing i love enough and nothing i am able to do . I don't feel hapiness anymore 	2
Louder Than Ever Heard that song on the radio , And it got my gears turnin ’ Like a real life time machine .... -Daughtry , “ Louder Than Ever ” I’ve been somewhat remiss in my endeavor to write more frequently . Fall is full-on into falling and we just came out of the best part of a week of constant rain . It was nice in a way . The air is crisp and cool with the smell of leaves as they begin the recycle thing they do . Wood smoke from fireplaces and woodstoves . The change in the air . Bothersome how it seems to keep accelerating . When I was a kid every season took an eternity . Even the break from school for summer seemed to run long when you started running out of things to do . When I was in 4th grade , once we were over our Alice Cooper “ School’s Out for … ” elation - which as I recall took about three weeks - we were bored out of our skulls . Dad still had to work , and mom still had three other younger siblings to take care of . My elementary school opened the library three days a week , so I started going to school to check out books . A little creeped out by the school with no one in it . I recognize the feeling - I had the same decades later when I lived onboard the USS Constellation . Coming back from town to a ship that was empty with the exception of the watch . It always felt slightly haunted . The same with the school . The lights off , the floors polished . The smell the same except there were no other kids or any teachers . The lights were on in the library . The volunteer librarian puttering behind the counter . I read a series of biographies of the US presidents and historical figures . The books were at the extreme end of my 4th grade vocabulary . I muddled through with the help of my trusty dictionary . Easier stuff like “ My Side of the Mountain ” I read from high up in a monstrous birch tree . A hundred feet higher than the base housing we lived in . At nine you have no fear . Straddle a branch , lean back against the trunk and read . I don’t read much anymore . The eyeballs are wonky and focusing close up doesn’t always work . I have a kindle with a few dozen books . Mostly I listen to books - which is an unfortunate sign of things to come . I am getting used to the transition from having 20/10 vision to gradually becoming human . I don’t even turn the lights on when I go upstairs to go to bed . I know where the turn to the bedroom door is . I know where to go when I need to take a leak . Most of the year I am up before the sunrise and back in bed well after the sunset . As often happens in the early fall I start thinking of Audrey more than I should . I think it is easier when relationships end abruptly , even emotionally violently . Where one can blame and hate . It is easier than a love that just fades with a hint of a promise . You were there in the front seat , Windows down we were burning , It was just like a movie scene , Those dashboard lights , And your pale blue eyes cutting through me . Last updated October 25 , 2014 	2
I am visiting the high school in the town next to where I grew up . I am with a Helen , a high school friend . As I am about to leave , I stop at the office and learn that Jane Smith has been wanting to meet me . Jane is the daughter of a local physician I know . She wants me to write a story about a home economics project about baking cookies for a Christmas tree . I do the story but make a big mess . The next night I come back to clean it . It get it all cleaned up and get home and then remember I left the cookies on the teachers desk . 	1
Oh and other stuffs I bought tickets for Maya to go see 5 Seconds of Summer last week . She’s been talking about it ever since . It’s cute . I was glad to do it . Since she is doing online school , she has little actual contact with her friends . Also , it appears she is keeping up with her school work and motivated to get it done . So … at work , Im helping PACC ( animal care center ) with their policies . And O EM GEEE !! They are a HUGE F’G MESS !!! They are written like essays , not standards and procedures . They all need to be reformatted . They have different sections with similar policies . Some of them are written like run on paragraphs with no regard to format or style . AND they are all OLD !! WTF ?!!! Why do people not care about their department’s operating procedures ? How can you expect staff to do a good job or follow rules if the rules are so convoluted and outdated they might as well not have any ?! And this department is such a visible part of our community . I am really shocked and dismayed . Oh and my stupid office neighbor once again says , “ why are YOU doing that ? You’ve been working on correctional stuff since you’ve been to the health department , you don’t have any exposure to any of the other departments … why you ? Seems they should have assigned it to someone else . Well…here’s a big FUCK YOU to you too ! And I told himi basically , It’s really not hard to read a policy and reformat it and talk to the managers and supervisors to write it , even without knowing a whole lot about the department . Not to mention , Im not a dumb ass , and I can learn . Asshat . Yeah , the last part was in my head … but you know . 	2
I lost 80 pounds in less than a year . It was not hard . I am lazy . I procrastinate . I am weak-willed . I forget important things , I am sometimes inconsiderate . These are among many of my failings , and yet I did it . I lost 80 pounds in around 7-8 months with that set of character traits . It was not hard . All it required was discipline and patience . All I did was make a list of daily food intake less than 2000 calories on myfitnesspal and ate that every day . I rode my bike once , maybe twice a month . Besides that , I literally did nothing but sat almost all day . This is to all the people who complain about their weight but say its too hard . Its not hard . You're making excuses . If I , a pretty spectacularly lazy and unmotivated person could do it , anybody else could . 	2
Does a low/no carb diet make your breath smell bad ? Ever since the start of week 2 of this low/no carb diet my breath has smelled really really bad . Is this related ? I'm now almost at the end of week 3 and it's still smelly . :( 	2
Can you guys help identify the way I feel ? Hey /r/depression , I've been reading some stuff on here and I've started to feel like the way a lot of people feel here is similar to how I feel myself . However , I've not considered myself depressed before , I've never sought medical advice or whatever to be diagnosed with depression , I never gave it s thought . There are periods at which I feel completely at ease with my life , I have a great unit of amazing friends , who I wouldn't change for the world . I have a stable and nice family , and am receiving a good education and all the other first world crap . However , there are also long periods of , well , I'm not sure how to describe it . I feel lonely , I know I'm not but I feel cripplingly lonely during these periods . This feeling is like a knot in my chest , and I just feel well , sad , I guess . Just sad , not the the point I'd bawl , I mean , sometimes I will just cry softly , but never burst into tears . I read something on here , about not wanting to end my life , but if I were to die through some freak accident or the like , I think I'd be okay with that . These periods are frequent and have probably been happening to me for a good few years now , probably since I was about 11 ( am now 17 ) . Is what I'm feeling a form of depression , or am I just being a bit pathetic ? 	2
Rant On , Rant On ... Rant : My physician tells me to lose weight . So I lost quite a bit and now he tells me they are putting me on full on insulin which I have been trying for 15 plus years to not have to take since insulin is an evil thing that causes weight gain . I have taken it before . I did not like it , at all . My a1c is also too high . I can deal with that , but having to take that damn insulin since it causes weight gain pisses me off . I am so not happy about this . I’m really going to have to start kickboxing again because I’ll be damned if I gain any of the weight back . If it weren’t for my mom and Robert I’d just stop taking all my meds including the psychiatric medications and the meds for my Diabetes and PCOS . I am sick of having to take medications . I’m sick of being considered sick even though I don’t feel that bad . I have been sick since age 3 with some damn medical issue . I just want to live without hearing I am going to die if I don’t do this or do that . All that does is stress me out more , and if I am going to keel over from a heart attack or from those damn tumors or a diabetic coma it is what it is is . All medications do is prolong the inevitable . They don’t cure shit ! End Rant . 	2
Fuck everything At work holed up in the bathroom . I just want people to leave me alone . I can barely fake the smiles anymore . I just want to go home 	2
We were in a hotel with me , my friend Kara , my mother and my father , and it was really big and it was like a free hotel , and you could rake leaves outside or play and do a garden . And you could like buy stuff next to it , because there was a railroad running right next to the hotel , so there was storage right next to the railroad . So we all went down to see , check out a store because they were selling shirts , and then we heard a really big rumbling noise , and it was really scary , so we all ran into the forest to hide . But it turned out to be a train , and that happened twice , so we all got really scared . But the third time my mother and my father were outside , and me and Kara were inside playing a game , and then all the power went out and we couldn't get out because the sliding doors used power , so we kicked down the glass and we got outside . And then we heard a really , really big rumbling noise and it was the train again , but it was going right for the hotel , and it wasn't really like on the track . So we all got our stuff and we got in the car and we went somewhere and we got lunch and then we drove home . 	1
This Old House , pt . 2 . 5 Not much has been accomplished since the last update . But , slow progress is better than no progress , right ? I had to run errands in GI this afternoon , so I didn’t have much time to work outside today . I managed to get about an hour’s worth of work done before I had to call it a night . Partly because I need an extra set of hands for what I have left , and partly because the mosquitoes started eating me alive . Honestly , I think this is the first time we’ve had mosquitoes here since Q and I moved here . Guess it’s all the humidity we’ve had this summer . Anyhoo … I set up our new sawhorses , and I got some wood measured . I measured the 2x4’s for the back , and I measured the 2x12’s for the front steps . I probably could have also done the 4x4’s for the stair rail posts , but mosquitoes … And , the deck boards for the front porch are 14 ’ long . I’ll need Q’s help to get those up on the sawhorses . I might be able to do it by myself , but I’d rather not if I don’t have to . I ended up not drawing up the plans for the back deck last night . But , I did tell Q about the extra rot . He agreed that rebuilding would be the best option at this point . But , it’s on hold until we get the front done first . One project at a time . I’m okay with this . This morning was really foggy and damp . It looked like Silent Hill out there . So , Q wasn’t able to get any work done when he came home . Now that I’ve marked the wood , he can probably cut that in the morning when he gets off . Maybe he can even install the new porch light . Did I mention we got a new light ? I know I said I wanted one . Just can’t remember if I ever said that we actually got one . It’s nothing fancy . It’s white , so it’ll blend in with the ceiling of our porch . And , because it fits flush against the ceiling , birds can’t nest or poop on it . I know I previously mentioned renting a power washer . But , then I found out how much that would cost . Eff that noise . So , earlier this afternoon , I just bought one instead . I had talked to Q about it the other day , and he thought that owning one would be better than renting , especially with as much as we’d use it . I used Laura’s Prime account , so it should be here Saturday afternoon . Q will be off on Sunday and Monday . That’s when we’ll get the bulk of our work done . So , the washer should be here just in time . Photo Time ! The back deck with the front floorboard completely cleared away : The outer frame is still in okay shape , but that center support is rotted nearly halfway through . More rot : And , this is why we can’t salvage any of the floorboards . * sigh * I got a photo of the new mailbox earlier today : See ? Perfectly matches our fence ! And , check out the nice grass edging job along the sidewalk … This is what our sidewalk looked like back in late May/early June : And , this is what it looks like today : Who’s awesome ? This girl ! That’s who ! It’ll look even better once we get the pressure washer . Then , I’ll be able to really get the sidewalk cleaned off . I get shit done , yo ! 	2
I haven't had sex in an entire year . I know that sex isn't everything , but a year is a long time . I don't know how it got to this point . I'm a 21 year old , fairly attractive male in college , I work at a Bar/Nightclub and am surrounded by girls . I have talked to a decent amount of girls , gotten my fair share of numbers and even gone on some dates . It's not even that I'm only looking for sex either , I would be glad to be in a committed relationship before anything would happen . I'm not the most socially outgoing guy , but i'm a nice guy . The last thing I'd ever want to be is a creepy PUA guy who's only concerned about sex and manipulation . I don't even like random Hook ups . I may be a bit of a White Knight I guess . It's not even a situation where i'm being friendzoned or anything . Sex just straight up hasn't happened and i can not figure out why . I'd think id be able to at least get lucky once within a year . I have Friends that seem to just have opportunities for sex just fall into their laps but for me it feels almost impossible . Its gotten to the point where it feels like i might never have sex again . I've been pretty busy within the last year , i've been working 2 jobs and going to school full time . I live at home with my mom in a small apartment with very little privacy . I'm extremely embarrassed to invite anyone over to my place so that might be a major factor . Yea maybe I'm comparing myself to others a little too much . But im lonely and feel like I'm seriously lacking intimacy in my life . 	2
I remember the taste and the smell of the food . Some of us were eating inside and some outside . We have no facilities for eating outside and so they were just eating on the steps , sitting wherever they can , just milling around eating their food . And Mary and I were the only ones who were blind . I think our friend H was here and it seemed like we were going to some kind of meeting or party afterward . And it was something to do with travel , verbally planning a trip or something . That's pretty vague , but mainly I remember everybody being here seems like people just kind of drifted away . It started out vividly and then it just kind of went off into some kind of oblivion . We were supposed to go somewhere after we ate . 	1
I am garbage . Ready to die . I'm done If you took a peek through my account you will see that I am right . I just need to die . I'm just hoping that something or someone kills me . Please . 	2
Double Park Douche Not sure if this is ProRevenge or PettyRevenge so I'm posting in both . So I live in an apartment complex with extremely limited parking and no parking on the street for a good half mile . One night , I come home from doing a 12 hour job to discover the parking space closest to my apt is open . As I go to pull in I realize , no , it's not open , some inconsiderate tool has double parked . So I gotta go park in the boonies , I walk back and check his park tag , they usually have the apt number on it , his is faded off . So I've no idea whose ass to kick , I decided to go for the next best thing , I grab a can of spray paint and paint DOUCHE across the side of his car in giant letters from window to the bottom of his doors . I ran out of room for the E so it ended up across the windshield . Added bonus : Lesson not learned , I found out who he was later , because I'd see him get up every morning for the next couple of weeks and check on his car to make sure no one messed with it , meaning that he didn't think that someone sprayed his car because he was parked like a douche , but because he thought someone was out to get him . I guess his sleepless nights still make it totally worth it . 	2
Praying daylight holds off Tonight is our last night , and I feel like dying inside . The searing pain is coming and I just ... I just ... I can't keep doing this . I need more .... So , much more than this life we are living now . You know ? So many things have happened that makes my heart melt ... Like when we checked in they gave us the wrong room , and he fully admitted his " kids " needed a plae to sleep too , and he even allowed me to eat breakfast with him this morning , downstairs , with other soldiers looking ... And with that , I have a dreadful uti ... Imagine that 	2
★ First mobile update ! Fuck , I love this PB even more as it is very compatible with my phone I just discovered . . . I got uncomfortable sitting at the computer so have settled with laying in my bed and listening to Kerrang ! radio station on my television , and tweeting 【snuggles up】 Also , why I update often , short or long or surveys , is because it is therapeutic . Very therapeutic . Especially when my mind shits a brick . Just saying . 	2
Me [ 24F ] with my fiance [ 25 M ] together 7 years , how can I help rebuild his confidence when I pretty much tore it down Quick backstory , we've been together since high school and are each others first everything . We would have already been married except for my screw up and that is where we are today . I'm not making excuses about this because I already know how horrible this was and I will have to live the rest of my life with this but about 3 years ago I let my friends convince me that being with only one guy was a mistake . I don't blame them , I was an adult and should not have even considered it but stupid 21 year old me freaked out thinking that they were right . So I broke my fiancé's heart , told him that I wanted to see other people . He cried when I did this and honestly I hate myself for that , I mean I truly hate myself because of the look on his face . Long story short that weekend I went out on a date with a guy ( sadly my b/f knows him ) and pretty much slutted my way into letting the guy screw me on the first date . It was not everything I hoped it would be , in fact it made my skin crawl . As we were kissing , which was awkward to begin with because he kissed nothing like the man I had been with for years , I started to have second thoughts but didn't stop him . He didn't rape me , I will never claim that because the inner turmoil was only going on in my mind and I never said or indicated to him to stop . But I literally laid there and did nothing while he was on top of me and after he finished he asked me if anything was wrong . By this time I am crying and told him to take me home . He's freaking out because he thinks I'm accusing him of rape , I had to tell him that this was a huge mistake and he didn't have to worry this was all on me . I go home , cry all night long . It was all I could do to not go to my b/f house , I wanted him so bad . I felt dirty and confused and hated every single thing . I don't sleep and go to his house first thing in the morning . He opened the door and I immediately broke down . It took me over 4 hours of crying before I could admit to what happened . Long story short he obviously forgave me and we have been together since . He cancelled our wedding plans when I broke up with him , I can't blame him , and has told me we will get married in a couple of years but he said it would be when he was totally ready again . Now while he forgave me and doesn't bring it up and hasn't used it against me , however I know emotionally he was very damaged and I know the sex thing bothers him a lot . When we first working through this he was very emotional about how I could want to be with someone else and how it made him feel very inadequate . It took almost a month before he would have sex with me again and even then it wasn't right . Fast forward to today , he's mostly fine . He doesn't bring it up at all and I don't either . We both have seen the other guy at different locations but we've never seen him as a couple . He tried talking to me and I was polite but very distant so he kind of stopped and went away . However last weekend we were at a party and of all the luck the other guy was there as well . My b/f kept up a brave face but I knew inside this was killing him . I kept glued to his arm all evening just to make sure he was okay and to avoid this other guy . But eventually they started playing stupid games and one damn game asked " how many people in this room have you slept with " . I about threw up when that card came up and quickly bolted before it got to me saying I had to use the restroom . He didn't say anything to me but I knew he was devastated . He was at best pleasant the rest of the night to me and was very distant as he took me home . I tried to get him to stay the night but he said he was tired and went to his house ( we don't live together ) . I went over on Sunday and spent the day with him and tried to initiate things and he said he couldn't . I asked why and he just said " we both know why " and that was it . He said he loved me and wasn't mad but just he felt very inadequate at the moment and felt like this was either pity sex or sex to distract him thinking about it . He was never mean and honestly I could see the hurt in him again . I spent the rest of the day with him and stayed over but we didn't have sex . I love him more than anything and I hate what happened and I know I am very fortunate that he has forgiven me . But what can I do to help him through this ? In the past we've talked and it's a combination of someone else being with me and him never having been with anyone else . He has stated he doesn't want to sleep with anyone else so that's off the table . I just love him and I don't know what to do . ** tl ; dr ** : broke up with LTR to date/have sex with another person , hated it went back to LTR and still trying to deal with it years later 	2
The setting was in a big grave yard , that had no tombstone . The bodies were just lying everywhere . The bodies were covered in blood . Some of them with their eyes open and pale as the palest thing I can imagine . The grass was very , very green . I remember riding around in a golf cart and having a tall ugly looking guy , kind of looking like Frankenstein . He was also carrying bodies and dropping them off anywhere except the gravel side walk where the golf cart was going . The people , actually dead people , they all looked very young , to me like in their early 20's . None of them were related to me . They were faces I had never seen before . I felt very uncomfortable being there in the graveyard . 	1
I dreamed I was on a beach with a girl whom I didn't know . We were clad in swimming togs . I then remember her mounting me and began intercourse . I , however , didn't like her taking the initiative so I rolled her over and proceeded with the love-making in the usual manner . I didn't have an orgasm however . 	1
Push ... push Cash and Tiff's little one Onna are both sick . Not sure what's going on with them . Erica said that Cash hadn't been running a fever but he does have a runny nose and is in general just sick . She said today that he was lying around . Didn't want to play and she finally managed to get him to eat some ice cream right before she went back to work after lunch . She put a call into his pediatrician and was waiting on a call back to see if they thought he should be seen . She said if they didn't think he needed to be seen she may still take him to urgent care . I'm not sure what's going on with those two little ones but I do know that the flu is going around here awfully bad . The three of them stopped in on Saturday . Erica , Travis and Cash . He seemed like himself then . Playing and running around . He'd been a little constipated that morning and when he finally did go he walked over to Erica and took her by the hand all the while whispering push , push . I'm sorry but when she told me why he was doing that I had to laugh . When he has trouble with his bowels or when he's trying to use the potty sometimes she'll take him by the hand and gently say push , push . Well he picked up on that and I guess he thought that would help . It must have because right after that while Erica was getting a clean pull up out for him he walked over to where I was , turned , pointed to his butt and said poop . What am I supposed to do with that ? lol . He was changed and all ready to go after that . As they were leaving I made as if I were going to get into the car with them . He told me no . I asked if I had to stay here and he said yes . I stayed here but he did tell me bye as they were leaving . He's such a cute little guy . They're doing alright I suppose . Tiff's doing alright I suppose . We're doing alright . Than and I went out Saturday after they left and walked a good four miles . It wasn't as bad as I thought though I did know not to sit down . If I'd sat down I would have never gotten back up . It was so pretty though . The next day it was cold again but we enjoyed Saturday . Spring will be here soon . 	2
My boyfriend Jeremy and I had traveled somewhere and stopped for some reason . I wanted to hurry up and get going- we were going to stop by the Greek restaurant on the way home . He was dawdling and told me to go ahead and go home with my mother . He wanted to rest . I got mad at his laziness and that I wouldn't be able to go to Zolco's ( is what I called it ) . I told him , " fine , I'll go by myself ... but then I won't be able to use the coupon . " Finally we got in the truck , but skipped the restaurant . He went past our turn as he wanted to go to the bank . For some reason we went to the one in a distant tourist town . It was crowded and there was a huge line weaving around and up stairs to the tower where the ATM was . Finally we went home . I don't know why , but I decided to go for a walk back toward the bank . I started walking , and when I saw the stoplight in front of me , I realized I was in the street . I moved to the left where there was a path on the meridian . A man across the street was being harassed by a fairly large dog . One moment it was brown , another it had black and white spots . I knew the dog would only go after him if there was a reason- the guy had to have drugs or have robbed someone . The dog was drawing attention to him , but not hurting him . The man responded by mistreating the dog and dangling him by his rear legs . I looked down toward my feet , and there was a small white bunny in the grass . I looked back up and caught the glance of the man . He had a thin face and a very short hairstyle . He had a dull caramel-colored complexion ; he appeared part Caucasian part African-American . 	1
I was talking to this girl I have never met before , and Leah comes up and yells the fire drill at us , and we all run up to the upper parking lot at My school . When we get there no one else is there . So we look at Leah , but she's not Leah anymore , she is a snake . She chases us up a tree where we get stuck . Setting : My school . Characters : Leah is my good friend but we have been having some fights lately . Feelings and Thoughts : Angry , scared . It sort of tells what's been happening in my life . I'm getting farther away from my friends . 	1
I had a feeling of terror because I was at the edge of a huge building . Below they shouted at me not to jump , though it wasn't my intention to commit suicide . Afterwards an ex-girlfriend went to my house to have lunch with my family . 	1
A group of girls who live in my dormitory were standing in the hall outside of my room . I was with them and we were all busily admiring the baby of one of these girls . The girl is not one of my best friends and is not married . Her baby was darling , but it was only a few months old , but was the size of an infant of 2 or 3 years . I wanted to hold the baby , so she gave it to me , but held onto it since it was so heavy . The baby kissed my cheek and I turned to my bedroom door where a high school teacher , a man about 45 , was standing . I went over to him and asked him if he wanted to hold the baby . He smiled and took the child . 	1
To my Father I hate you , Dad . I haven't seen you in over a decade , and I still feel it like a pressure , like a heat somewhere behind my eyes . It has infected my life , and now I can't differentiate between the shit you made me feel , that you put mom and my brother through , and the shit that I'm just projecting on to you . I hate you for telling me that I couldn't go to my grandfather's funeral because it was only for * family * , like even then you considered us strangers . I hate you for complaining about having to drive to pick me up when I crashed a bike , and then complaining about the bike as I am still bleeding . I hate that the only time you were pleasant to be around was when you were drinking . I hate that I watched mom bust her ass working , while you sat around and ruined her credit buying kitchen supplies we already had on eBay , like you already knew that the divorce was coming . I hate that you'd spend months around the house , drinking beer and watching TV , while mom told us that you couldn't find work , and then you would disappear for close to a year at a time , back overseas , sending checks to mom to absolve yourself of the responsibility of actually having to raise us . I hate that , after we moved , you didn't even bother sending the check yourself . You would send emails accusing mom of brainwashing us against you , like I hadn't made the conscious decision to move away with her . Even if I could stand the sight of you , what option did you really give me ? It's not like you tried to mend fences or anything , at least with me . I hate that even now , I have no way of being able to tell you this shit in person . I can't tell you that , when my brother got married , I had to tell him that if you showed up , I would leave , because I couldn't promise him that I wouldn't try and hit you . I hate that when he had his accident , no one I knew could reach you to even tell you . I asked anyone who knew you to try and get a hold of you . I even let them give you my email and phone number , ostensibly as an olive branch , but let's be honest . Even then , I knew you wouldn't be there for him . It's been so long since I laid eyes on you that I can barely remember what you look like . The last photo I have of you is over a decade old , and it's such shitty quality as to be basically useless . I don't remember the sound of your voice . You've left me no tangible link to you , no keepsake to look fondly back on and try to convince myself that you were anything like a real parent . I can't think of a single wholly positive memory of you anymore . All I have left of you is a few knee-jerk personality quirks , because the very idea of being like you terrifies me . I don't drink often , because a voice in the back of my head keeps telling me that I'll just be following in your footsteps . The first time I got drunk , I didn't so much pick a fight as I campaigned to have my ass kicked , because I felt that I should be punished for acting like you . There are days where I wonder if you're out there , if you ever think of us . I wonder if you know that your son , my brother is keeping your last name to remind himself to not be the same kind of parent that you were . I hope you can't sleep because of the guilt . At this point , you could very well be dead , and I'd have no way of knowing . You've left no bridges for me to burn . Truth be told , most of the time , I don't care either way . It's an admittedly callous thought . I acknowledge that it makes me feel like a lesser person for not being able to forgive you . ** Fuck you for that , as well . ** 	2
I am making love to Mary . When I kiss her face she withdraws in anger or annoyance and tells me to stop . She asks me not to bite her ear - or put my tongue in her ear . I protest that I had not done what she is accusing me of doing . 	1
March 9 , 2015 I’m not entirely sure why I remember this so clearly , but I do . Ten years ago today , I quit my job at Wells Fargo , went home and packed up whatever would fit into my car and then called my ex-husband . I asked him what time he would be home from work and he said 4 so I told him I would be leaving at 4:30 . He got home from work and I was waiting by my car . He looked at me and I told him that if I left now , I was never coming back . He looked at me , said drive safe and walked into the house . I got in my car and headed home , to Vegas . I got to San Antonio and he called me to ask when I was coming back . I told him that I wasn’t . Our marriage was over and the only chance we would have is if he flew out to Vegas and we try to work on things out there . He told me that would never happen , so I hung up and kept driving . That was the last time I saw my ex-husband . We have talked every once in a while over the last ten years . My life changed so much in that one day . I don’t regret getting married . I married him for a reason . Being so young , 19 and 20 , played a part in us not making it work . We both made mistakes . I look at it as a learning experience . I know that he’s remarried with a kid and another one with another girl , who he doesn’t get to see , and all I want for him is to be happy . I guess after all these years , I’m glad that I can see the good in bad from our marriage . I do believe that things happen for a reason and that our marriage didn’t work out because my life was meant to be something different . I’m happy with where my life is right now and I look forward to what the future has to bring . 	2
Summers coming up ... I'm a junior in high-school and summer is 7 school days away . I'm 7 days away from being completely alone for 2 and a half months . Two months waking up , sitting on my couch or computer chair , and doing fucking nothing . I can't join clubs , hang out with friends , go out , because I get bullied too much . I did something really embarrassing a few years ago and people still remember it to this day . It's chipped away my self-esteem and confidence , and at this point , I'm an empty shell of a person . I just cannot do summer . Last summer I attempted to kill myself a few times . I tried slashing my wrists first , which is more painful than it seems . I tried overdosing on seroquel . I went looking for my dads guns and he put them in his locker , which only has one key . Summer is 7 days away ... and I'm already thinking about death . I'm so close to taking a pickaxe to his gun cabinet and getting a gun . I can't be alone for another 2 . 5 months . 	2
I'm in our family's station wagon and it started driving down a hill towards a busy street and the brakes don't work and neither does the steering wheel . But just before I hit the busy street I reappeared in my house . I headed toward the kitchen which is down a hallway . As I leave a long dark mink-like animal came out from the other hallway that is perpendicular to the one I was in . I knew it was going to attack me but I also knew I needed to get to the kitchen . The creature leaped at me and bit my stomach and I died . Then I started floating away but I got caught against a clear ceiling sort of thing which kept me from floating away . I felt odd but not really frightened . Just disturbed and rather puzzled and odd . 	1
I have gotten a ride from some part of town to a part where the streets are narrow , like in the city where I worked , because I have parked my car there . Unfortunately , I can't remember where I parked my car . Not only that , but I have recently bought two new cars which I like very much , and I can't even remember what kind they are , what they look like , or which one I drove here . I don't know what to do and am frustrated and depressed . There is a large yellow tricycle parked next to the corner , and I decide to borrow it and ride around to look for my car . I go only a short distance down the block , though-as far as an elevator or a pay phone-when I begin to feel guilty and take it back . I park it back where it was and go up to the sidewalk , which is above street level ; as I am putting it back , its owner walks up . I am really afraid of the consequences until I notice that the owner is Jenny Deltano . I explain my plight to her ; she listens sympathetically , but can't help me . 	1
Me [ 27F ] with my SO [ 27 M ] of 2 . 5 yrs- out of town friend [ 27M ] coming to visit Hey all , My SO and I have been together for 2 . 5 yrs , with no serious issues thus far . We stumble with communication every now and again , as well as a few other things , but we figure it out and move right along . Two weekends from now , one of my good male friends from out of town will be visiting me . He will likely be visiting for two days and one night , and I have offered him my sofabed to crash on . I have let my SO know that this is happening and he is fine with it . I am going to be planning at least one activity that we all can do together ( a movie/dinner/walking around the city/any of you have other ideas PLZ ! ) . However , I really want to spend some alone time with MY friend who I haven't seen in years . My partner does not enjoy going bar hopping/clubbing , and my friend and I absolutely love to go dancing . I am happy to invite my partner along , but I don't want him to feel awkward ... and I don't want his awkward discomfort to rub off on me ! I just wanna have a fun night out with my bud . How can I tell my partner this in a non offensive way ? I also kind of feel really selfish for not wanting to include him in a fun night out ( fun for me and friend , but very likely not fun for partner ) . ** tl ; dr ** : Male friend coming to visit . Not sure how to let my SO know that I want to go have a fun night out of dancing , without letting him rain on my dancin parade . Also , am I an asshole in this situation ? 	2
My [ 22F ] friend [ 21F ] still acts like she's in highschool , how can i handle ? She got out of school more than two years ( i got out only more than one ) , but she still likes to act like its high school , with all the drama , with all the back-talking about me and more people , acting reckless like it was nothing , even in her job place , which was her first job she acted like it was school there , because she wasnt used to be bossed around and have to work 5-8h per day , 4days per week ( she though it was too much and that they were bullying her ) . I started to realize this after i found out by my bf that she would tell all my life to their mutual friends , which at the time we weren't even dating but he knew ALL that happened in my life , even personal . Also recently , we decided to do a makeup photoshoot cause we're both MUA ( she has a London Makeup School degree , but doesnt know how to makeup a face other than hers and doesnt know how to create a look , she has to copy . She only has a mildly great technic and great eyes to makeup , the rest is zero ) . So she did a makeup on me ( which was nothing special because it was similar to my daily makeup that i do in 5min and she did in 1h+) after 2h of doing my look , she took the pics . Then it was my turn of doing a look on her , i swear i was going nuts , by this point she was really high(pot ) , she didnt stop moving and laughing at her bf , also as all my brushes were dirty because she used them , i had to use my fingers and ending up not making the look i wanted , she didnt even allowed me to do her hair and she only allowed me to do everything in 20min . When it came to take the pictures , it was the overall disaster , she looked really high . I though she was only thinking about her , since i dont have a degree ( but i have a lot of experience AND i know how to create looks and makeup other faces bsides mine ... she didnt even knew what was a cut crease look ) , because she thinks she's better than everybody . I was so pissed because i was trying to do my job , which was important since was a look for my portfolio , and she was acting like a child and smoking pot like it was nothing and boycotting my work . How do you deal with them ? Do they ever grow up ? ** ( sorry if i look to whiny and its long ; english not my first language ) ** tl ; dr ** : Friend of 21 still acts like highschool even though its over more than a couple of years . How to handle it ? 	2
I was at a gas station near the viaduct bridge in Akron asking to have a tire repaired . ( I was riding a bicycle . ) The tube shrank up into a piece of rubber like the end of an air pump . The attendant was showing me the puncture . The next thing I knew the attendant was a girl and she began questioning who I was . I told her I had lived in that neighborhood all my life . After a while she recalled having seen me before . She fixed the tube . All the while I was anxious to leave . One of my buddies had just bought a car and he had given me the keys . I was anxious to take a ride . I left the girl quite abruptly and found the car where it was left for me , but I couldn't get in to drive it . 	1
My husband and I were in the backyard of one of our friend's home . There was a man inside the house who kept shooting at my husband . We were finally able to get inside the house . There was a young boy , who seemed to be the younger brother of one of my friends , with the man . We finally persuaded him to help us force the man outside the house which we did . 	1
I ( 22/F ) think I have feelings for ( 25/M ) . Can't tell if it's mutual ( x-post from r/wemetonline ) Heyooo , So , I met this guy online on a non-dating website 6 months ago . We started talking every day , we've video chatted a few times , and we've exchanged literally thousands of messages to each other . It was gradual at first and in the beginning of our online friendship he said that I was easy to talk to because of the distance between us . I am in the US and he is in the UK . Now , I'm preparing a trip to see him in two-ish months . He was hinting at it and I went right out with it and told him that I could come and visit him . He said he'd love it if I did . I'm starting to get feelings for this guy . I get excited when I get messages from him . I get butterflies . It's weird because we've never met before but we've been talking pretty much every single day for 6 months . I don't know if it's a mutual feeling or not . Could it be completely platonic if we've been talking every single day for 6 months and we've agreed on me leaving to the uk to meet him ? Do you think there could be something more there or no ? Most of the messages are friendly type but he has given me a few compliments and stuff like that . I just don't know how to tell if there might be feelings on his end too because I've never communicated to this level with someone online that I've never met . I don't know how to tell or if there are any signs that there might be more there and we're just not saying it . What are some signs that it is mutual and some signs that it's not ? What do you think ? ** tl ; dr ; Met a guy online and am getting feelings for him . I am leaving the country to meet him and need some advice on whether the feeling could be mutual or not . ** 	2
Recap : City of lights * ( w/pix ) It was the fastest ten days I’ve had fly past in some time . My fourth trip to Paris came and went so quickly . Traveling is exhausting , especially in trips like this–there’s no lazing on a beach in city destinations ! I’ll do my best to remember things in order : Friday … The flight arrived about an hour late . A lightning storm in Toronto kept us on the tarmac for a while until it passed . I got to the Paris apartment close to noon . Stepping out of the train station at Les Halles , a sigh … here I am again ! It was just shy of a twenty minute walk to the apartment . I could’ve hopped on the metro , but the walk was welcomed after sitting for so long . I had a two hour sleep at the apartment shortly after I got there as I hadn’t slept a wink on the plane . Ray had made dinner , some potatoes and rabbit , and dessert was wine-drenched figs with creme fraiche . In between , there was some tooling about the neighbourhood to get my bearings , and Ray pointed out the typical boulangeries where the best breads and treats were , and at what prices , plus which days which were closed . We went to one of my favourite shops , and I dropped some cash on a new bottle of fragrance , and a wonderful hair oil product . Senteurs de Fee . We also went to a place called Des Bules Sinon Rien which means , the bubbles , or nothing . It’s a champagne store/event space . Cute owner . We had a tasting of four types of champagne and a plate of cheeses and a couple of spreads . Great little place , and did I mention cute owner ? Saturday … was spent running some more shopping errands and I’m now wishing I’d done a better job diarizing things . The days were very full with running around . That night , I hit the bottle(s ) hard and paid for it on Sunday . I believe I’ve previously mentioned this . Pic Break : Sunday , once we finally got going , involved a lot of walking . We went to see the new Louis Vuitton building , and we weren’t disappointed . Though we couldn’t go inside , as it hadn’t had its ribbon cut yet , we admired the architecture from the outside , and walked about the nearby park for just a bit . The park is enormous , Bois de Vincennes , and we barely scratched the surface of it . The Louis Vuitton Foundation for Creativity : In that area , before we headed to grab a bite somewhere , I took this picture . In the distance is the Arc de Triomphe . Looking in the other direction is La Defense , the modern financial district . There are a number of monuments including three arches that align in this crazy long axis . Incredible sight lines and planning over the centuries ! Monday … We went to the Georges Pompidou Centre to take in a Frank Gehry exhibit . Fascinating architectural exhibit , and my first time in the building that is designed inside-out – all the pipes and such are on the OUTSIDE of the building , including the escalators . I also took in about an hour’s worth of the permanent collection of modern art . After the culture , we went over to Auberge Nicolas Flamel for lunch . At 684 , it’s Paris ’ oldest restaurant . Not fancy on the inside , but exceptional value for a lovely lunch , and fascinating to sit there and imagine the comings and goings and changes over almost 700 years . The wooden pillar in the middle holding the place up is quite something to ponder . We both chose the menu , as opposed to a la carte . I had fish , he had veal . The soup starter was excellent ( pumpkin ) , and the trio of desserts were a perfect sweet finish . I think our dinner on this day was simply some fixins of terrine , cheese , olives , and of course a bottle of champagne . It was an early night , as the next day was a long one for me . Tuesday … The bike tour to Versailles . What a highlight ! Got to the offices with perfect timing , and the group ( 14 total ) made our way to the RER train station for the commute out of Paris and to pick up our bikes . First stop was in the middle of the town of Versailles with a four-corner market area . The idea of going here was that we’d pick up whatever we individually wanted for a picnic lunch on the grounds of the palace . I picked up a simple saucisson sec sandwich ( dried meat , like salami , but drier ) , a hunk of chèvre , and a cafe eclair . The little bakery ( boulangerie ) that we went to had wonderful offerings , and when I got to the cash , and the woman started speaking to me in English , Anything else for you ? and I responded simply in French , non , c’est tout , merci . It felt good when she responded almost apologetically yet pleasantly surprised that I did . Thankfully it was a simple transaction , because I have to think a lot before words come out for anything more complicated ! Our journey after the picnic stop took us to the countryside of the palace’s estate . It’s on 2000 acres of land , so we peddled about the farm area and then to Marie Antoinette’s playground of a hamlet . Fascinating . Lunch was on the banks of the mile-long cross-shaped canal . The canal was dug out manually , can you imagine ? No back-hoes in those days ! It rained a bit as the remnants of a recent hurricane bounced off Canada and toward France . After the bike tour , we went to the palace . It’s so huge , so interesting , so rich in treasures and history . Tacky , garish , and over-the-top stunning . If it looks gold , and it’s out of reach , it’s real gold . The Hall of Mirrors … We studied this in art class back in high school . My art teacher would be so pleased . Throngs of people . Though I went down this corridor twice , it was at a reasonable pace as the crowds annoyed me . The palace itself is so huge , and many rooms were closed off . I can’t imagine their closing procedures to make sure nobody has ducked and hid anywhere . This is one of several rooms that were described as “ Mesdames ’” rooms . The gardens were incredible , too . I wished I had spent more time in them , but I got twisted around in that palace trying to find the way out . Sure , doors everywhere , but off limits . Anyway , I circled and circled and finally broke down and asked for help in making my way to the gardens . Versailles has 230 acres of gardens , so I only saw a fraction . So many fountains , and they’re not all running , they’d not be able to do so all at once . In fact , during the tour , the guide said that when the King was touring about the grounds , the groundskeepers were frantically running about turning off water here , and turning on water there , because there’s just too many fountains , and not enough pressure to run them all ! But anything to appease The King , right ? Wednesday … This was a primo lunch at one of the culinary schools , and what a lunch it was ! Six courses , and it took us three hours . The students were mostly quite nervous while serving us , and they were very much being watched by the maitre d ’ pair who were subtly correcting their “ errors ” along the way . I had a beef medallion as my main . The other details will come to me , but I remember that , and the dessert was a flaming rum baba . Afterwards , we toured around the Rive Gauche ( left side of the river ) and went to Bon Marché to see it since it was under reno the last time we were there , and also to the food market side , where we bought nothing as everything there is jacked up in price , of course . Gotta pay for all that fancy ! We also went to the armagnac store , Ryst Dupeyron – we always pop in there . I bought Alex a 20cl bottle of armagnac from 1981 , and had his name put on the label . He was quite taken by it last night when I gave it to him . It’s a special gift . Thursday … it was a bit of a free day in that we had no plans . Ray went to a matinée film , and I did a bit of shopping before we reconnected at noon to visit the spice shop Le Monde des Epices - Izrael for our made-t o-o rder chicken seasoning . Afterward , we split up again and I went to tour one of the most gorgeous theatres in the world , the Garnier Opera . I’d looked into seeing an opera while in Paris – and Tosca was playing at the new house , but the prices scared me off as all the “ cheap seats ” were long gone . Still , this self-guided tour was simply stunning . Even got to look in on them as they were blocking out lighting and staging for an upcoming production . A rare treat , in my book . Lunch on this day was a late afternoon sandwich and glass of red . Here’s the grand staircase inside Palais Garnier : Friday … lunch at Goust . My first time in a Michelin starred restaurant . We were there in ‘ 12 , when the gallery space had barely just opened , and the rest of the building was under construction . It had been shuttered and forgotten about for years , and was at one time kind of a “ little ” pied -à- terre of Napoleon’s . The restaurant is stunning in its modernity . The experience was fantastic . I imagine the final bill was , too , but Ray insisted on taking that one . The owner is France’s #1 sommelier , so the food/wine choices are exquisitely paired . For me , the starter and the cheese course overshadowed my fish main , and the dessert ? Well what a work of art ! The starter was a ravioli that was so sumptuous , and included a beet puree and razor-thin sliced beets with an amaretto foam . I can’t even remember what the ravioli was stuffed with ! All I know is I could eat it for the rest of my life . This was preceded by an amuse , a cold soup-like creation , a gel topped celery coulis with a couple of little clams on top . The cheese course was paired with a port-like fortified wine that was MAGIC . The combination was perfection , and I’ve never had a wine/cheese moment like this , ever . Ever ! Dessert was called a white chocolate tube . It was indeed a 4 ” tube of white chocolate on a cookie/cake platform . Inside were some gently stewed ( not the right word , they weren’t that cooked ) pears , and then the tube had a clear sugar “ lid ” ( picture a small doily made of sugar ) on top of which was a cannelle of berry sorbet , keeping the sorbet from touching the pears inside until you cracked the sugar lid . Work of art ! Then cafe with another little selection of sweets , tiny little morsels . Wee ! Saturday … We went to check out the line for the reopening of the Picasso museum , but it was ludicrous , so that’ll be for another trip . Instead , we decided to head to Le Petit Palais ( the little palace , there’s nothing little about it until you see the “ Grand ” Palais across the street ! ) This is where we happened upon a YSL exhibit two years ago , and this time around it was a Baccarat crystal exhibition . So much shiny ! Stunning pieces , from grandiose floor lamps to delicate decanters and glassware used by King Louis and even Queen Victoria when she came to visit during the world fair . The last room had about eight to ten chandeliers that were dimly lit , and then randomly each one would fully illuminate . Mirrors reflected the stunning opulence . So glad we went there to take that in . What a collection of items ! Dinner on this night , our final night was at Chez Jenny . An Alsatian restaurant . I went full-on fish , ordering a platter of oysters , cockles , prawns , clams … ecailler – “ the oyster sheller ” ) it was a sharing platter , but apart from a few , I ate them all . My main was a poached haddock with sauerkraut and beure blanc sauce . Excellent , just excellent ! Dessert , I had creme brûlée , which was fine , and as it should be . The flight home was a bit bumpy . Transferred in Montreal , and was home by 8:15 pm . Did two loads of laundry and a third in the morning in an effort to get up and going and kick the jet lag in the crotch before it did the same to me . I seem to have forced myself back into routine quite quickly , but I shouldn’t be cocky as it might catch up with me ! Me at the Arc de Triomphe . Never been up/in it . Same as Eiffel . Still haven’t been up it . Meh . I like it from afar . A wonderful time . I sent a bunch of postcards , something I’ve not done in years , and also did a bunch of “ video postcards ” to a few friends/family who have iMessage or WhatsApp – no text or roaming/data charges pour moi ! I had fun doing them . Little video hellos from wherever I was and whomever I was thinking of at the time . Fun . Last updated October 28 , 2014 	2
Escape through addiction I got addicted to a TV series . I don't HAVE TV ! But I found this on Netflix . Watched one episode . Then another . Just got so attached to all the characters and now I can't wait to come home and get a fix of fantasy office life , love , heartbreak , ambition , conflict , and to live vicariously through these good looking , cocky , brilliant , creative , successful and FUN people . It is Don Draper in Mad Men . In comparison my day's events look so trivial and so totally meaningless . What I want , as I get my fix of entertainment , is to be courageous and daring . I want to walk like I own the world I want to smirk at people who are assholes and bullies and look at them like they are five year old brats who didn't get their Twinkie . I want to feel like I am irresistible I want to feel like what I do moment to moment matters And ... actually none of this is not without reach . I can . It's all a mindset . Had a confrontation with supervisor at work on Tue . Felt like a sledge hammer hit me . The next day walked taller feeling proud I had the strength to confront her and call her on her behavior . What I want is a long term solution . And that is very very complicated in all organizations . And then I feel trapped in my workplace . I feel helpless . Demoralized . Lonely . And pretty unmmotivated . I want to do GREAT work . I want to work hard . I thrive on challenge and success and creating new things . But it is impossible with this supervisor's impediments and the atmosphere that is toxic . So . I have to stay good within myself . I have to observe the river around me , and not be submerged in it . Observe , and let go . And laugh at it . Not let it drown me . I can do this . I have my work . I have the kids . I have my competence and work ethic and my intelligence and everything that I do right . That is my solid ground to stand on . Let the rest fall off . That's why I love to watch the arena at Mad Men as they face all kinds of obstacles and politics and personal longings and fears and competitions . 	2
POOPED ! HOLY HANNAH , OK - lungs are not my friend today . The Diva's started her aggressive schedule for the year , although I just scaled her down by 2 hours . I go to write in OD and the damn thing goes no where so I'm back here ... which is at this point still text only and of course those who read me there know I am a big fan of using photos , and youtube in my posts . still - writing is good . I am balancing motherhood with me-hood and studentmidwiferyhood ... and not going batty in the process . me-hood is losing out in the balance . I found myself yesterday wishing I were back in Bryce Canyon , sitting at an overlook , with the crow that has befriended the tourists hanging out near by . It was hot and humid and I really would appreciate the cooler weather given LV is experiencing humidity right now . I'm scattered today . I know where I can focus ( in SL - building , putting together the sim my best friend and I have together ) but I need to do stuff here in the good old non pixelated solid world . So I guess I'll try cooking breakfast and then sweeping , checking if a load of laundry needs to be done ( always does ) and sip more coffee . Then I'll work on some of my own schoolwork while I put the kids to work on their studies . What I want to do is curl up and sleep some more . Was asleep by 11pm , but up at 6am and trying to work on studies ... that un-interripted time didn't come this morning . thanks to my pretty little Diva . Children are contrary little beasties . 	2
I [ 30/F ] with my [ 35/M ] bf of 5 months struggling with " alone " time . I'll try to keep it short . I'm divorced with two small toddlers ( twins ) . I reconnected with someone I dated and was friends with in the past and we have been seeing each other for five months . The relationship is wonderful so far . Now , as a mother of toddler twins , you can imagine that my time is devoted to them when I'm not working . Their father does not take them overnight and so the majority of their care falls on me ( with the exception of a few hours on Saturday and Sunday in the afternoon ) . The bf has an active social life and goes out with his friends one night every week . The friends are a mix of what I would describe as a younger crowd of guys and girls . They typically go to bars ( a few are bartenders ) . Now , I'm a fan of girls and guys nights out , but I admit I'm a little bit bothered by this in part due to the frequency and length , in part because of where they go , in part because the girls don't seem to have any concept of boundaries and are on the " wilder " side , and in part because I don't get to go . I know I should probably put my big girls pants on but I can't seem to shake these feelings . I don't want to become bitter and I don't want to take him away from his friends . But I admit I'm a little bit sad . Have any other divorced parents with kids been in this situation ? Does it get easier with time ? ** tl ; dr ** : Trapped with two small kids , dating someone who has an active social life . Trying to reconcile various elements now that I am seeing someone . 	2
He brings two pieces of wrapping paper for my small boxes and suggests ones for this box but I show him it is the larger box . Trim one piece of paper and start to wrap my round inlay box . I say its contents will have to be rearranged . Then it is full of small stones and bits of lava . Couldn't the stones by thrown away ? I don't want that box wrapped now . It has my keys in it and I don't want to move the keys lest I forget where they are . 	1
I'm exploring an ancient tomb with a friend . We'll call him Bob . This tomb is supposed to be quite ancient and archaelogically important : these are the bones and the dirt of people talked about in the Bible . It's supposed to be an old tomb , but it really resembles the dried-out dusty area under cellarless houses . In the very center we find a set of steel lockers . These lockers contain ancient books . At this point I have a typical thought : " While I'm down here , I might as well get a book . " I open the lockers and riffle through them . Bob looks inside the lockers too , but there's nothing he wants . Then , of all people , a Hillside library patron whom I know walks in . He is an Indian man with some very interesting experiences described in the note below . Alan strides in , and says : " Too bad about the rats mon . With the dead people . " I look on the ground and there are all these disgusting little bright red rats . Instead of noses there are long red needles . I think he meant it was too bad because of the important corpses to be found there . Later , I'm in the doctor's office because a very unusual event is occurring . Unusual -- for me , a male . I'm menstruating . To cheer me up , Laura quotes from a book about how much parents suck . 	1
My boyfriend walks out on arguments no matter how small they are . Nothing is ever resolved . How can I encourage him to communicate better ? We have been together for three years , living together for two . He [ 28/m ] is for the most part , a very good boyfriend . Thoughtful , Craig , affectionate , supportive , hard working . However , anytime we have an argument , even if it's something small , he will pack a bag and walk out on me . Problems are never resolved and I [ 25/f ] live in a constant state of feeling unsettled . He suffers with depression , so o try to be understanding . However this kind of thing has been going on since we started living together and I can barely cope . As much as it hurts to say , I feel like I am in an abusive relationship . This is because whenever I come to him with any sort of problem , complaint , issues , concerns ( whatever you want to call it ) he always manages to shut me down and make me feel like my feelings do not matter . I feel about two inches tall after talking to him - and I am naturally a confident , sensible person . I never learn and I always try new ways to talk things out , because I don't believe that ignoring issues works as a solution . For example , I had a serious panic attack during my university exams because I was so stressed . He was the only person with me and he just stared at me and went to another room . I felt so terrified but so worthless at the same time . How could he not care when he is usually so caring ? He says he just shuts down when anything negative happens . After I felt better , I tried discussing why his actions hurt me ( in a calm , rational way ) and he said sorry but it seemed really insincere . And when I pointed that out , he said I'm not not listening to you anymore , packed a bag and left . That is an extreme example , but his reaction is pretty much the same no matter what the scenario . Today something similar happened and he said he was leaving for two days . I said he can't keep holding out relationship hostage and he needs to communicate how he feels . I'm a big girl and I can take it , but I can no longer handle this behaviour . I feel so powerless because I always , always forgive him . Before he left , he said I had complete control and that I do this to myself . I think that in itself is very controlling . Once he left , I cried but then I felt really angry because he feels like he can get away with this nonsense and it's because I'm such a walk over . I feel like a fool . Basically , if it's not all sunshine and rainbows - he's walking out . When he is upset I try to talk to him about it . When we fight , and I need a break , I tell him and go take a breather in another room or go for a walk . This is a throwaway account because he uses Reddit . I just need ad side and other people to share their opinions because its always helpful . Sorry for any typos ! I am truly exhausted as I type this . tl ; dr Boyfriend of three years always walks out on me when we have arguments 	2
I'm so fucking frustrated . I can't get a sound night of sleep . I'm sick AGAIN for the 3rd time in 3 weeks . It took me 20 minutes to get out of bed this morning . My knees gave out on me while hiking the other day . And most frustrating , I CAN'T CUDDLE . Fuck you , Akylosing Spondylitis . You're a little shit . 	2
Wait to give presents on a special day ? Hey , this is not about boyfriends and girlfriends . It's about giving a gift to my dad . If you know a better subreddit for this stuff , please let me know . My dad needs a new belt . He's got a few , but they look old , ripping apart . I got one that should last him a long time . I don't know if I should give it to him now , or wait for Father's day . If I give it now , I don't know what I'd get him for Father's day . What do you think is the best thing to do ? 	2
Another tweak I decided while I was messing with the entry page to also move the author info into the entry panel , seems like a better use of space . I also think I like the word " Follow " better than " Bookmark " . Because there's so much confusion about the difference between bookmarks and friends . You might " follow " Steve Martin , but that doesn't mean you're drinking buddies . So I'm trying that out too . :) 	2
not long until we have some snow fall ಌ ~ Not sure if I updated yesterday on our little family day I really enjoy my time with them both so much I am currently sitting up in bed with Charlotte asleep in my left arm laying upwards on my chest with John snoring beside me with his arms folded over his chest with a sense of mystery across his face I wonder what there both dreaming of I’d take a picture but my phone died like 2 months ago [ main reason I have been slow on updates & getting upto speed with everyone ] as much as I enjoy the laptop the net keeps cutting out and it takes forever to get it back online also the laptop fight for my atention when charlotte is up and crying for a fuss as she is normally on my chest with her legs going across and she is getting to big for me to be able to sit with her in one arm and balance the laptop off my one leg not easy at all so I’m thanful My sister inlaw [ johns sister ] who has the same phone as i did be4 ( samsung s3 ) is going to give me hers for £ 20:00 tonight as she is getting a new contract for another phone as hers has run out mine don’t until june we had it priced to see how much it would be to get mine fixed was £ 47:00 for the screen alone without the charger port being fixed we pay £31 a month for the phone bill & like be4 you still need to pay even if your phone is stolen , broke , lost .. I think I might get the lumia like the one I had be4 this one I loved that phone & have felt lost without s but paying £ 20:00 for an s3 in working order is not bad to keep me going until june will be able to keep up with everyone and take more vids an pics of charlotte as you all see i love doing . charlotte seems like she might be teething ? been unsettled during feeds cranky isnt windy going for 1s an 2s okay so only thing we can put it down to is that stuck some bonjel on her gums and she has settled for a good hour or so but whenever i try an put her down she crys for me so looks like i am in for a long night ahead and a painful left armಌ Last updated January 30 , 2015 	2
Gotta get up , listen to me ... My pregnant sixteen-year-old cousin , who got kicked out of school for truancy and fighting , has asked me to be the godmother of her baby . sigh Jade is … I don’t even know . She is the youngest grandchild on my mom’s side of the family . I’m the oldest . There’s ten years between us . I used to babysit her . My lap is the one she sat on when I took her to see ‘ A Series of Unfortunate Events ’ in theaters and she got scared . When I saw her last - about a year ago - she was full of plans for the future . She wanted to become an Anesthesiologist . I don’t know what happened . Jade’s older half-sister , Amanda , got pregnant her senior year of high school . The father of the baby ditched her two months after the birth . Jade saw it happen . Jade should have known better . The boyfriend and father , Justin , is a waste . He has missed every single doctor’s appointment . He only hangs out long enough to get laid or score some pot , and then he blows her off . He can’t keep a job because he either fails the drug test or he uses his lack of a driver’s license as an excuse to just not show up . Oh , and he was also kicked out of school . He posted a video on his Facebook showing him beating up a homeless classmate who had been living in the alleyway behind the school . The kid was sitting against a brick wall , sleeping , and Justin jumped him . Yeah . What a winner . As of now , the baby will be named Giovanni Lynn . I don’t know why . Jade says that’s what Justin wants because “ Justin’s really Italian . ” Um . Okay . When I asked her what SHE wanted , her response was “ idk . ” I don’t think she really understands the concept of a “ godmother . ” I don’t think it really matters . She needs a sane , stable voice in her life , and I’m it . I’m the only good influence she hasn’t pushed out of her life . And I just keep going back to that movie , when she was so little and so completely terrified of Jim Carrey as Lemony Snicket , and she spent the entire movie on my lap , hiding her face in my shoulder . And I keep thinking about why we were at that movie , and why I was babysitting Jade , Amanda and their half-brother , Joey , that night . Because instead of picking the kids up after school that day , their mother ( Kari ) was busy using stolen credit cards to buy stuff that she could trade for meth , and she was arrested before she could make it home . And their father ( my Uncle Jim ) was in prison for possession and intent to distribute . That was ten or eleven years ago . I was sixteen . She was five or six . And now , I am apparently going to be the godmother of Jade’s baby . Lovely story , I know . 	2
After Easter Easter was a nice six day break . Did simple ordinary things , like mow and paint . The boy and I threw the footy around ! He is staying in Brisbane ! using a mix of persuasion , bribing , ego and desire to succeed to encourage him to do well ! 	2
Crazy low dose Shroom experience . Input would be appreciated ! I've been experimenting with psychadelics in a healthy manner for the past 3 years . But last night was something else . This may be my 6th shroom trip and all I took was 3 . 5grams . Heres how it went down : 1 hour in I was experiencing rapid body movement . Almost like this shamanistic possessive state , but I was completely aware of this . It was like my brain was pumping its muscles and my physical body was reacting to it . My head and arms were snapping to weird positions like I was experiencing an excorcism . It was like the turrets that potentially run in my family was unfolding itself . Luckily I am aware I was under a substance so I was able to be stay concious and remain in a safe enviornment . My question is . why can I not find people with similiar chemical reactions ? Any explantions ? I obviously romanticized my experience , but that was soley for a visual demonstation . 	2
We got an assignment at school and they handed it out to everyone . Later on , I saw knife stabbings in the wall all over . It was a big knife . Leticia was on the phone , and I was on the phone in the alley . Setting : In an alleyway and at school . Characters : A few classmates , and Leticia ( a friend ) . Feelings and Thoughts : Happy , scared , worried . I felt happy to be with my friends but then I felt scared in the alley with the knife . I wanted to run . 	1
I am waiting for Mary . It looks like a street scene and I'm talking to another man . Mary has gone somewhere to get dressed . Then , after a very long wait , I see Mary coming toward me on the opposite side of the street . She's wearing white slacks and a blue and white jersey . But the back of her jersey is undone . Mary looks worried . I go toward her and when I join her , she tells me the news is not good . She has just come from the doctors who told her about the progress of her illness . She tells me that they are honest with her and tell her what symptoms to look for . They tell her what are the good signs and what are the bad signs . A bad sign is if she gets headaches -- this means the disease is getting worse . She has a headache . I begin to cry and lay my head on her shoulder . At one point I call her " Maria " instead of Mary and I can't understand why I made such a mistake . I am talking and crying and trying to tell Mary what is in my heart . I want to tell her all about how I feel and I want her to tell me what she wants , should she die . 	1
Do gilding trophies last forever ? So can I just gild someone once and get a gilding trophy on my profile forever ? Or does it go away after a while like Reddit Gold ? 	2
Letter to my husband today I have an appointment today at 3:45 . I spoke with an advice nurse . She is highly insistent that it's prenatal spotting . She said that the cycle actually begins on the first day of one's period , meaning that I'm now two weeks into the cycle . She asked me to describe it , and said she is fairly confident that it's pregnancy . I mean , I have had Kaiser nurses and doctors be way completely wrong before . Actually , to be honest , Kaiser " specialists " have been wrong more often than they've been right in my experience . Actually , I've never had a doctor at Kaiser tell me something that I didn't figure out myself already . But I wasn't considering the fact that the cycle actually begins at the beginning of the period . I'm afraid she might actually be right . If this is the case , I have a very big and probably very hard decision to make . Also , I'm really fucking nervous right now . And I don't know what to do . The problem with only being two weeks into a cycle and having surgery scheduled for Friday means that if I am pregnant , they won't find out before then . I'm thinking of just not trying to find out at all . That way they'll do the surgery , the stress will force a miscarriage , and I won't even be aware of this little accident . But the reason I called to make the appointment in the first place was because I was bleeding a bit today , bleeding yesterday , and from the rectum , I bled a lot . Like , frighteningly a lot . I wanted to make sure there was nothing serious . So that's why I'm going at 3:45 . We're going to rule out any possibility of something more serious . That's why I called . Deep breath ... 	2
hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi hi i wonder what's happening .... hmm ... really strange ..... i don't know what the hell is going on . but hm . it's not that bad whatever's happening or not happening .... i'm boredddddd .... can't wait for work to start !!! hahahaha . hm . i will be eager to start work . not so feeling bad towards work anymore . of cos , but it still will bore me but at lest it gives me money !! $$$$$$ kah cheng !!! i'm what the helll ... what's happening i'm lost .... i'm having a headache and know what ? ' m really worried about my diet and health and the stupid candida i'm really hoping to resolve it i'm praying hard that the water fast tomorrow will resolve it . dear universe , pls help me !!! i'm relly hoping it can work out ... so that i can heal .... dear universe , help me show me what to do so that i can help myself . i'm at my wit's ends siah . sianz leh ... i'm kinda getting sick of release .... wonder why . it seems to be giving me a headache . or am i really getting a headache hm .... oh candida candida what a pretty name you have but yet you are so hideaous and evil and stubborn .... oh my so stubborn u are i hate u i hate u when can i ever tame u ? sigh . .. oh driss ... will i fear losing u ?? maybe i do . but u were never mine to begin with .... u are not my bf .... u r not .... i am going to have u . am i ? i dunno . i'm scared to hope or to imagine . the best i can do is to keep doing my own things .... if u love me and show up then great . otherwise , i will continue my life why do i need a man so much ? he makes me feel loved and cherished ..... someone to be there for me . who will want me . i dunno if i control rs , but i believe there are things that are objectionable withina relationship . because it is a matter of respect . how can i accept it if he behaves in ways that do not respet me ? i believe it is ok to set my expectations . oh it hurts so much when he did that . to do things that show that he did not cherish me ... flirting with other girls .... how could he ???? it clearly showed that he didn't cherish me . i felt so disturbed .... i don't understand . how can a partner behave like that ??? don't they know how it hurt ? it hurt my self esteem ... am i not worth for him to care abt my feelings ?? felt so like i'm worth nothing . it hurts when he did that he didn't care about my feelings and i didn't make a big enough fuss i wished i made a big enough fuss . next time i will . i will be drama for all i care !!! sharen sharen . you were TOO NICE !!!! you were TO NICE to him ! his behavior is so deplorable !!!!! i hate you !!!! i hate you !!!! you all !!! i hate u all !!! \i still find it so disgusting in me .... the kind of perso that he was it hurts so much so much i still hurts it still hurts it still hurts very very much it still hurts very much i always feel that sinking feeling whenever i talk abt firo . that feeling of distaste disgust . u make me puke ! u low creature ! what a lowly creature u r u insect . that's what u are an insect spiteful insect a low being a unevolved being disguting absolutely disgusting i hate u hate u hate u i have no compassion or u anymore . i have no more compassion left for u for u have shown not to deserve it i showed u so much compssion for what ??? i tried to be the bigger person to be understanding and compassion and sweet b ut what did u do ? u threw it all away all u did was to hurt me so much compassion that i tried to give to u . i'm just amazed by how much a person can hurt another . i ' m tired . of being understanding and nice . i'm tired of being sweet and understanding . i dont ' want my love to be trampled upon anymore .... i have so uch love to give what do i do with it ? / ?? I have so much love to give . what do i do with it ? i want to have a man to love . it seems painful to love and be hurt . i gave love and it took it and threw away . disgust . it was a huge mistake . you were a huge mistake in my life . my huge regret . huge huge huge regret to have met u . regret that's the word . i regret having met u i hate having u in my life . it's the biggest mistake to have happened . of all the men , i hate u most u are the most failed rs . u are the one i hate most . u are the one i want to squash like an insecct i regrett meeting u the most most most . i'm so sorry to have met u . u served no purpose in my life u serve no purpose in this world u are a disgrace . the world is better off without you . what do u blame yourself for ??? why ? why did u end up with this guy ? why the hell did i have to end up with this disgusting insect ? sucking the world me and me of energy and life . why did i do it ?? why did i do it why the hell di i have to do such a thing . why the hell did i have to do such a thing what's wrong with me ???? what's wrong with me my biggest mistake to love a man and have him hurt me so much and treat me like shit . why did i love such a man ??? i feel like i'm the stupidiest woman in the world . why did i stoop so low . so painful so painful . i can't beliee that i did such a thing i can't believe it ath i did such a thing why did i do such a thing i can't believe that i do such a thing . i . did . it . i did it . i did it to myself . sharen , i did it to myself to me . i hurt myself . i brought it upon myself . i was so wrong in my judgement i ddon't trust myself . how can i know how ca i know a man is right for me ? i wwill not trust a man so easily anymore . you prove your love to me ...... sharen , what's the lesson to learn here .... always watch the man . dont give urlsef so easiyl watch slowly i'm glad that i made the release . but what's the cnoclusion . what's the new beingness that i will have to resolve this . what was the I that i gave up that caused me to be in this situation ..... a ) i wanted love and was enjoy his attenI tion TOO MUCH . so i became vulnerable . Don't be so quick to want attention . Be wary of men who come on too quick and strong . Stand your ground . Stand your ground . I caved in ... I regret caving in .. that was my mistake . i caved in .... he came on so strong .. he was aggressive . I thought I could control . I did but not enough .... fuck !!!! I tried !!! I tried !!!! but tit doens't wor ! i tried my best ! I thought because he stayed despite my resistance , meants he was sincere . it wasn't enough . it wasn't . 1 ) stand my ground 2 ) fight . quarrel . speak up . 3 ) observe slowly . or choose a man who is willing to let me set pace . He must at no point make me cry . yup . i don't have to change . but i must choose the right man for myself . so how do i differentiate n protet myself ? I will go slow . always stay focussed in your life . so u will not be derailed by the guy . dear sharen ...... i still feeling beaten how can i get back up ?? i need comfort sharen , i'm here to comfort u .... tell me ... how do u feel .... i feel beaten .. dismayed . shitty i'm sorry dear . sharen , i'm sorry u r hurt .... that was tough , that was hard . that was painful . u deserve a big hug . it shouldn't happen again . can i kiss your pain away ? :) i kiss ur heart . and heal it ok ? kisses my dear .... lots of kisses and hugs .... kisses n hugs everywhere .... u can heal . don't lose heart . ur heart is precious . i love u u r beautiful . u r amazing . and i want u to heal thank u for that beautiful song .... thnk for those 2 beautiful songs ..... i will not lose heart . my heart is precious . ... i will protect it . because i am precious . because i am priceless . because i am as precios as the diamond . as pure as the diamond . as beautiful as the diamond . as rare as the diamond . as unique as a diamond . as shiny as the diamond . i will continue to shine my light forth as a precious woman with dignity beauty and love so i shall be . i and he must as me as that . he sees me as that . a woman of dignity , beauty and love and purity . i am diamond . i am purity . i am love . i am beauty i am light i am dignity i am preciousness i am toughness . i am sublime . he is honor he is honesty . he is integrity . he is reliability he is dependability he is sincerity he is love . he is affection he is family . he is loyalty . he is respect . he is steadfastness . he is support he is patience . he is intelligence . he is empathy . i he is space . he is sex . he is fun . he is teamworker . this is my guy . in future , i will use this as a checklist against any guy i date . i will never date a wrong guy again . i deserve a great guy who cherishes and respects me . he exists . for me . i have a lot of love to give . a man who want that love and is willing to exchange his love with my love . he is my guy . and i wait patiently for him . if he never appears ??? u know , i rather be single and he never apppears , than try my luck with xunshe guys . i willwait forever . if i hv to . because i'm precious . i am preciosness . i am patience . i am love . i am enough . 	2
I was making a telephone call on a Sunday morning . I dialed the wrong number ( I don't know whom I really intended to call ) and the phone was answered by the daughter-in-law of a friend of my mother's . She ( the daughter-in-law ) is about 23 years old and has been married 1-1/2 years . She answered by saying , " This is Buddy's wife and it's 8:30 in the morning " in a very belligerent , cold manner . I hung up . She and I are , in real life , friendly but not good friends . It's more of a big-little sister friendship . I don't see her too often . 	1
It's my friend Reece's wedding . I'm at the location , but they are still getting ready . The preparations are going well . They are planning an outdoor wedding , and they have an unusual and quite beautiful landscaped garden for the ceremony . It includes a small moat with a garden in the middle and overhanging clipped trees and hedges which they plan to stand under to say their vows , and beds of unusual exotic flowers and shrubs . 	1
Let the countdown begin Here we go the semi annual “ most excellent adventure in Las Vegas ” begins ! Six weeks from tomorrow , we will be on our way . This is my favorite time of the year ! Four whole days of fun with mom . No dishes , laundry , cooking , cleaning … WOO HOO ! I love my family , really , I do , but sometimes , I just need a break from my life . We are staying at Paris , so lovely and already have plans for some wonderful dinners at wonderful restaurants . No show this time though . The ticket prices are insane ! On to things that aren’t about me .... hubby’s boss bought him a newer truck . He drives a 2003 truck now and is getting a 2011 . He is really thrilled . He asked the boss if he was doing this because it’s a tax write off or because he loved him ..... boss said , kinda both . Sweet ! Princess has begun to nanny for a family before and after her teaching job . It brings in extra money so maybe she will be able to move out soon . That is her goal and it sounds great to me too . I will miss her but she needs to be on her own . The Blackhawks played their first preseason game on Tuesday .... I was so happy . Then they won that game in overtime and I was even happier ! Fred had tickets to the game , took his new main squeeze ( instead of his old mom ) and had a blast . He got tickets for $2 0.0 0 each , standing room of course but it was all good . Things at the child care center are slow , enrollment is low , lowest we’ve ever had and that is so scary . I blame the state of Illinois and their stupid state subsidy program . They are running 60-90 days behind in approvals of applications . When parents need care , they need it NOW ! Not 60-90 days from now . We cannot accept a child without an approval , therefore , no one is enrolling cuz they cannot wait . We have decided that we will have to take a chance that approvals will come thru ..... we’ve got available space and staff , so let’s fill that school up and risk it . At least we will be getting a minimal co pay from the parents every week and once an approval is received , we can back Bill the state for payment . That’s all from here . 	2
Why I don't watch Rudolph anymore I'm an only child , so growing up all I had was imaginary friends as companions . My best friend was Lonin , and we did everything together . I cant describe his looks but I remember him being older ( I was 5 ) . I remember always nagging my mom if Lonin could come to if we'd go anywhere -- it was all innocent . It was Summer and this was when VHS tapes were still a thing . My mom recently bought a bunch of them from a local thrift store . I was watching them with her and Lonin . She left and it was just him and I . I just put in Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer . It was far from Christmas but as a child thinking of it coming closer was exciting . After watching half an hour in I started getting strange feelings . I felt watched and that someone was behind me . I turned around and saw shadows -- it was Lonin . The shadow was roaming around the room sporadically ; my head was spinning . He had something that sparkled in his hand . I wanted to know what was in his hand . All of this while Rudolph plays in the background . I felt a cold touch on my fair skin . I immediately turned off the movie and ran to my mom . " Mom , Lonin is trying to hurt me ! " I shouted as I cried into her chest . " What are you talking about ? That's all in your head , sweetie , " she told me as she tried to calm me . I refused to go in my room for weeks until I felt safe from Lonin . My mom picked up the tapes and it seemed as if Lonin was picked up too . I never heard or saw him again . A few months ago I was babysitting my cousins toddler -- also an only child . My mom gave her a lot of my old toys and clothes . She came to my room giggling and smiling -- she had something behind her back . " What's that ? " I asked her smiling . " It's a movie . Lonin said he wants to watch it with us , " she said as she handed me the VHS tape of Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer . 	2
Open Diary Open Diary has been down for DAYS ! And I'm in such a struggle I don't know what to do . So ? I decided to FINALLY give this " Prosebox " a chance . I do like the idea that I can blog and keep my entries separated . But when it comes to the facts . I've used OD for almost 10 years . That's over 1,100 entries on there . I hope that this server change doesn't erase all my old stuff . I wish they had a way I could download them and print them out . But then , I don't really want anyone to read those thoughts here . It's my personal thoughts after all . I usually start all of my blogs with an " about me " entry . But Today ? I really don't care . I've got fertility issues . It kind of SUCKS ! I try really hard to be healthy , but in reality ? I probably will never loose the 140 pounds that will make me " happier " I try though . I try to eat healthy and walk . But I don't seem to be doing enough . I have three kids , and I live with my BF and his grandparents . Lots of stuff going on ... But OD , I don't feel the need to explain who I am or anything . Here ? Because it's new , I feel I need to say something ... Oh well ... I'm missing OD and I'm going through major Blogging Withdrawals . ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ( what I would have written in OD ) Thursday I finally saw the doctor about my cramps . He ordered an ultrasound like the last time . Friday I went in for the Ultrasound , and turns out , I have another " Mass " in my uterus . It's quite painful . I'm going on a month with this pain . Ugh ! Life stinks ! Wednesday night ? Marc and his grandfather discovered the water heater was leaking , and Marc had to order a new one . Saturday , Joe came with it and put in the new one . When they took out the old one they found a muskrat behind it . That must have been the " mouse " we were trying to catch in our pantry ? But it ate some decon and now ? yeah ... he died ... I feel bad that a muskrat died in my basement .. But then I'm like " Dude it's across between a RAT and a BEAVER , Not a BEAVER " Either way , it shouldn't have been getting into my house and maybe It won't be coming back . I do feel badly though , I hate killing animals & violence . In reality ??? it was getting into my pantry and putting my family in danger . maybe I can say this was self defense ? I surely hope ! I didn't want to turn to decon , i did have those nice mouse traps , but it never caught anything . You know the ones the mouse gets inside , and can't escape ? Then you bring far far far away and let it free ? Well , that's what we had , and it didn't work . So ? We put the decon under the sink by the pipes that go into the basement because we had to replace some boards and that's the cabinet we kept hearing something open the door . Maybe this here pain is my payback for killing a muskrat ? Idk ... GAIA WHY ?! ~ ~ Yule ~ ~ Saturday is Yule , and I'm dying to do something , but I have NO CLUE what I want to do . I'm thinking maybe I'll have a special dinner and make an offering ? But then I really haven't got a clue as to what is " right " I need pagan friends ! No one I know is pagan . I'd prefer wiccans ... But I think that's even slimmer pickings . I don't want those " satin worshiping witches " either ! Eep ! ~~~ So there goes , my first entry on Prosebox . ~~~ 	2
return barrage 1 . ) The tension between expressing your honest self & marketing yourself to be seen/heard is a goddamned nightmare , esp in matters of the heart . 2 . ) It's the untold story of the industrial espionage behind the creation of Viagra . It's called EMISSION IMPOSSIBLE . 3 . ) You know a hobbit's rockabilly when you see they take their second breakfast with a sprig of elvish parsley . 4 . ) Sonic The Hedgehog is a good example of a franchise that has been completely ruined by the creepiness of its fan community . 5 . ) I need to stop assuming people are just being polite . Some people find me actually awesome and I need to just accept that and roll with it . 6 . ) Is " Prepare To Have Your Mind Blown By ... " the new " You Won't Believe ... " on lame SEO-driven clickbait ? BOO TO THAT . 7 . ) The motto of the League of Patriotic Nerds is " Less Pocky , More Rocky " . 8 . ) The motto of the League of Canadian Patriotic Nerds is " Less Pocky , More Hockey " . 9 . ) All those pictures of Fake White Jesus for Easter on facebook were blonde and orange-skinned . They think Jesus was Hulk Hogan , I guess . 10 . ) Maybe a parody of " Dance Magic Dance " about how Labyrinth is entirely about Bowie's package ? " Look at my pants , LOOK AT MY PANTS ... " 11 . ) I kept moving west as I was changing , first on foot then boat then train . People kept joining and leaving or changing like I was and everyone was from different times or cultures and we had to paper over the differences so that we weren't caught by authorities . Sometimes we stopped and there was a movie to make or a ballgame to play or people from the future to meet . Sometimes I had lovers and sometimes I did not . Then it was an airplane then a starship and only at the end was I myself . Only at the end was I alone . I was delivering a chicken egg to the sun . It was my job to burn up doing this and then leave space-time . It was ... pretty intense . 12 . ) I'm not sure what a Dan Savage / Adam Savage team-up would look like but you have to agree , it should happen . 	2
My mom's in the hospital . Hi . Basically , my mom had a mental episode probably from stress . I think she is mildly bi-polar and the other day she wasn't making much sense , so my dad called an ambulance . She's now in the hospital . Yeah , that sucks . But what's really getting to me is my dad . I don't have a good relationship with him . I don't talk to him when I don't have to . I just don't respect him as a person He hasn't ever physically abused us , but he's an alcoholic who does nothing all day but hoard the money and blame everyone else for all the problems in the world . The doctors won't let him see her yet , and he keeps calling while I'm at work/school . In his messages he wants me to talk to one of my " doctor friends " ( I don't have any doctor friends ) to get him in to see her . He just called me , I told him there's nothing I can do about that . Then he asked me if I cared about my mother . Of course I fucking care about my mom . Apparently , since I can't work magic , and since I have literally no time between work and school til the weekend , I don't care . He repeatedly asked me if I loved her and says that we all need to make sacrifices . He's not making any sacrifices . He doesn't do anything all day . I can't stop going to school , it would be a waste of a whole semester , I have quizzes and tests in almost all of my classes this week , I can't just skip class . And I can't stop working either . I am now the only one who even has a job . But I guess that means I don't care . 	2
I was working at the computer again , on some project for someone else . Seems like it might have been similar to some website work I do for CAS . I don't recall having any specific problems or anything unusual or significant about the work . 	1
Miscarriage when nobody cares I'm 8 weeks and 2 days pregnant now . Confused by my title ? I'm still pregnant , but I'm not as pregnant as I was . Turns out it was twins . Just typing that makes me start crying again . I'm a mess . Please bare with me in this entry , because it may be kind of a mess . Nick has told his mom baby number 6 is on the way now . The conversation I don't believe went very well . I don't have more to say about that right now . Yesterday was my first appointment . My midwife gave me an ultrasound . She couldn't get a great view , so I get to go back next week . You can see my little number 6 very well in that photo . He or she had a nice heartbeat and is going strong . She or he is fine . Off to the right , and this one is harder to see , so I don't blame you if you're like " I don't see it " of baby 6 is baby number 7 . The sac is harder to outline and there does seem to be something in it , but much smaller and without a heartbeat . No twins for me , that's fine , I didn't ever want twins like some moms anyway , but if I was pregnant with them ... I did want it . And here's the thing . People suck at miscarriage in general , despite never experiencing one before I know that . But people REALLY have no idea how to deal with this . " That may be a blessing in disguise though " was the words of one friend . I don't give a freak if you think that . I don't care that my HG probably won't be as bad as it would be with twins . I don't care that maternity leave would probably be way more complicated with twins because I'd probably go early . I don't care that vaginal birth would be harder . I don't care that financially twins would be harder . I don't care that I've always said I'm not sure I could handle twins . None of that matters . What matters is I had two babies inside of me , and one is gone . I'm sad . And nobody cares . I'm sorry . I told you I'm a mess and it'd be a mess . Love and God Bless , Christen 	2
Fuck FaceBook I have been using the name unscathed corpse on my account for about 4 years . Just now at 5:43 pm 8/27/14 I get booted off and a message appears that says “ it appears I am not using a real name ” . Well I guess I will not be going back to FaceBook . They pry enough as it is into your private life and info . Fuck ‘ em . Don’t need that shit . Going to miss my friends there . If anyone is able to post to my account leave a message that I am gone and out of there ! 	2
I'm at the railroad . A man comes up to me in the parking lot who sells boots . My son , Reynaldo , about 8-10 , has complained about a last pair that hurt his toe . He has his foot in a square shoe-box with oilcloth over the foot so I can see the hurt toe sticking up at a knuckle , like a large corn that is inflamed . He said he has a more expensive pair that will not hurt him . I become angry and said , " I suppose it costs $60-$80 to $100 . I don't trust you . And I think your merchandise is inferior . " The man says nothing but grits his strong square jaw and gets back in the car with his two sons . I drive off before he does , still fuming . Suddenly I am feeling guilty to have done it in front of three of my children and Emma . I realize I should have been quiet and gone shopping at another store . And I feel angry at myself for not giving him a chance to speak and defend himself . 	1
Am with some soldiers and we are all hiding under some trees . I look around and up and am grateful that the tree has long branches that reach right down to the ground . 	1
So I think I'm an insensitive prick . A bit of back story , but I'll try to keep this short and sweet . My school has a fair sized team of students who compete in a regional science fair . A friend of mine was one of 17 picked to go to the state-level competition ; I was not . This morning , the principal called our team in to congratulate us for qualifying and yadda yadda yadda , and he asked everyone to tell him our names . My friend has a speech disability , and everyone on the team laughed , including me . So this afternoon , he lets everyone know he doesn't want to go to state anymore because he's hurt . Here's my question ... was it insensitive of me to immediately ask him and our team captain if I can take his spot , in spite of apologizing for what I was part of ? 	2
Road test tomorrow Taking my road test tomorrow . Any tips or pointers to help me pass ? 	2
There was a war on . Enemy planes were flying towards Cleveland laden with atomic bombs . I was in an empty room in a watch tower and could see the planes approach on the horizon while up in this tower surrounded by 4 walls of glass . Down below I heard men shouting , i.e. , in a nice green plane landing field . At first I could not hear what they said , but I finally understood that they wanted me to pull a switch in the room . It was to set off an atomic ray which would make the bombs ineffective . I reached for the switch and at the same time heard the roar of the planes . An electric shock on the handle prevented me from setting off the switch . Blinding flash . 	1
may 4 Happy Star Wars day ... Chris is being very frustrating for the moment . We are in the process of selling the house and it's going fine in my mind and not so fine in his . I've mentioned it before , but basically he can't fathom why not every single person who walks into the house wants to buy it . So he's spazzing and getting upset irrationally ( last week he sent a pretty scathing email to our realtors telling them this was all their fault . They handled it pretty well considering how ridiculous it was ) . Anyhow , today he texted me and decided , after " giving it a lot of thought " , it would be best for me to move back into the house once my lease was up . Actually , let me just quote his texts because I don't think I can convey how insane he really is except via direct quotes . Him : Have you given any thought to what your plans would be assuming the house does not sell in terms of your current lease ? If it us up in August would possibly consider taking full ownership of the house ( basicly give me a small property settlement ) and then do with the house whatever you would like . It could be a decent option if you did not want to have to pay both rent and half mortgage and you could live here for however long yo uwanted then could turn around sell the house at a price you wanted and keep the entirety of the profit ... just a thought . If you are completely opposed to it for various reasons I understand but I guess I am thinking worse case situation if we can not find a buyer under the current arrangement . [ sic ] Me : Do you have a place lined up already or something ? Do you need out ? I had planned on going month to month on my lease until I could buy my own house . Him : Right but my thought is if this drags on for awhile that it might be a better option in that you can afford it and then could do what you felt best with it . Including live in it until you found the place you want to buy . I would be willing to take less than what might get staying on the mortgage and you would get to keep all the profit obviously when you decide to sell ... and the reality is I do have a nice place lined up and for me and am really looking forward to moving on for a number of reasons . [ sic ] Me : Well I could afford it but I wouldn't be able to afford to give you a payment on it until after it sold so either way I think it would have to stay on the market . I can think about it if it gets to that point ... Him : Ok and yeah I would be willing to wait until you sold it to get whatever we decided was the property settlement . If you decided 100% you were ok with it . Not sure how the details would work but just wanted to get your thoughts on that ... if we did something like you taking me off the mortgage with a settlement , you could decide [ things like upgrades and house price ] on your own timeing since you have the luxury of being able to afford it . You would also not be throwing away money in rent . [ sic ] Me : I'm just not sure . Him : One of the benefits to you taking over the mortgage and living here is you could upgrade at your own pace and then sell it when you wanted , versus now where we pretty much have to spend alot of money or take reductions under the current arrangement . The more I think about it really might work out better for both of us for the reasons above . If you would be agreeable to that we could leave the house on the market at the current price and state till like end of the month then if no offers that workable then pull it off . Enjoy our summers then you take ownership with your lease is up and do whatever you would like on your own time and I would then be able to have things all set for myself at a set time . [ sic ] Me : I'll have to think about it . Not to be rude but you don't know anything about my current situation , etc ., so it's a lot to think about . Anyhow , I think it's very rude . When we were drafting the settlement agreement , one of the options I presented to him was that I would refinance the home in my name and he would get to live there for half the cost of the mortgage , and when he moved out I'd get all the proceeds of the sale . He wouldn't have to gamble on losing any money . He didn't want anything to do with that offer and acted like I was trying to cheat him . Now that the financial situation of the house is a little uncertain , he's suddenly interested in unloading the home on me . I'm so frustrated ! This doesn't benefit me in any way , it only benefits him . My guess is that he wants to propose to his girlfriend and wants to be able to put this whole situation behind him . I'm guessing though he's not aware that this decision isn't entirely up to me , though . I have a roommate and he has a kid and that makes things complicated because it's a very long commute for him . Also , the bank would not let me simply refinance myself because I haven't been paying the entire mortgage for the last year myself . So it's really complicated . Also why should I have to be the one to make all the sacrifices ? He gets to walk away with a " small settlement " , whatever that is , and I have to take on the risk and burden of selling a home . I'm just tired of it . I thought being divorced would make these things easier to deal with , but it's just making it harder . And I'm really bad at saying " no " . So I feel stuck . Any suggestions on how to deal with this where no one's feelings are hurt and everyone gets what they want ? Yeah .... 	2
Death So my schedule has been overwhelming while trying to find a balance with work , school , and my kids and I am still working on that . But this past Tuesday morning around 6:30 am I was given word that my grandmother passed away in the night . She would have been 92 years old on the 13th or this month so she had a very fullfilling life . She had a stroke in 2003 and had been in a nursing home ever since . While she remembered me , she rarely remembered me as being anyting over the age of 16 ( which is how old I was in 2003 ) and while she got to meet my kids , her great grandchildren , she rarely remembered them for more than 5 minutes . She was an ah-mazing lady and I will miss her dearly . Last night I spent 2 hours in a room meeting people that my dad had not seen in years and I will probably never meet again but it was great knowing how well loved she was . Today I am getting ready to say my " goodbye for now " to her and then will be heading back home where I will go back to trying to balance everything else in my life . < ~ Pixie ~ > 	2
If you stick around , I'll make you fall for me .. I promise you When things between Nicole and I began to stagger in our relationship because of outside influences , we established three rules between us . 1 ) . Hold it together 2 ) . Be patient 3 ) . Love Love was placed at the bottom of the list because it is the easiest of all the rules . Holding it together is most important because we had been through so much already and we knew that perhaps , the worst was yet to come . And fuck an aye were we right ! Back story , Nicole has separated from her husband nearly two months ago and has had no contact with him . Then .. Just over a week ago , her husband contacted her with a call to her cellphone and things have spiraled since . The following is an email I composed to her and sent just moments ago … ~•~•~ Dearest you , In place of so many special memories that we shared with each other , is now only darkness . Darkness of a shadow that shroud our world on Friday September 5 , when you accepted that phone call from your husband . Since that thirty minute phone call , everything has changed . The first and biggest change was in our communication , which is now sparse .. at best . If you wanted to contact me , you would have , even a ten second text , telling me that you love and miss me . As easy as that would be , it hasn’t happened . But like I said , I am starting to finding acceptance over your choice in the distance you are allowing . No explanation is even necessary anymore and I will no longer text you questions , because it is a waste of my time and makes me feel like an idiot when you don’t answer them . The simple fact is , you seem to ignore most of my texts all together anyways , it’s as if they don’t matter to you . It’s a game we play , you text and ask me things and when I answer you , you drop off the radar , without even a “ goodbye ” . That is also fine , because I know that I am not the problem . I have kept my promise and have been holding it together just as I said I would . I have been sticking to our number one rule , more than you have and you’re the one who created that rule . I know it’s not your fault that you are being pulled in more directions than I am . Hmm .. l guess what I should say is , it’s not entirely your fault . Because one of the main distractions and opposing elements that now exist , only exists because you’ve let him back into our world when you answered his phone call over a week ago . If we fail at this relationship , it is not because I didn’t give it my all , believe me I gave and continue to give everything inside me , blood sweat and tears . If we fail it is because , I was never the one you truly wanted in the first place . Just like before . As for my karaoke night with Melody , you can not even make that an issue , it was your choice to let me do that . I gave you the executive decision in that matter . And the fact that she kept in contact with me is a very arguable point as well because , all she did was check on me and offer me encouragement . She knows I love and care for you deeply , she is fully aware . She actually wanted to invite you along for that nights festivities and only didn’t because she knows that you and I cannot publicly be seen together , until your divorce hearing is final . She has displayed genuine concern for me when no one else bothered , not even my family , or my closest friends . She is the least of our problems . I don’t know what the future holds for us . I don’t even know if there is an “ us ” anymore . That is the kind of doubt that fills me and it has nothing to do with me “ holding it together ” . It had everything to do with your distance and your neglect of things between us . ~•~•~ The truth about Melody is , she likes me .. a lot and has told me that when she is ready for a relationship , I am the perfect candidate . I told her , “ I’m very happy just to be your friend for now , but be careful , I’ll make you fall for me .. I promise you ” . She just giggled at my remark . I was once told that I needed to make that my disclaimer and now .. there it is . As for Nicole and I ? I believe we are at the tail end of our need for each other . She has told me many times that she believes we will always be in each other’s lives forever , at least until one of us dies . My thought is , if that’s the case , then why not just commit ??? Last updated September 14 , 2014 	2
Muscles , Mascara & Invisible Tiara .... So my husband is home with the kids today and in the middle of a very busy morning he calls me at work to ask me where is the bottle with the brown nipple . I’m like WHAT ? WHY ARE YOU CALLING ME AT THE OFFICE . Like why ? I have 5 different bottles washed and put away on a shelf , JUST USE ONE OF THEM , but no he NEEDS the one with the brown nipple because he claims that’s they only one Ethan takes . OK . I have 3 other people watching him and no one else has a problem feeding the baby besides MY HUSBAND . NO ONE . He was so irritated on the phone , I had to try and think of where I saw it ( diaper bag ) and tell him where to find it , he was so snippy with me saying I do this to him every week ( not have it prepared ) and how I forget that he doesn’t have a boob he can just whip out … I was completely discombobulated after the call , can’t concentrate on my work because it made me anxious that he was crabby . He always does this . blah . I would rather pay a sitter ANY day then to have him continue watching them once a week . Like go back to work if staying home with the kids is too much once a week … Jesus . My stomach hurts like a mother trucker today , I’m lactose intolerant and last night I was waiting forever for my eggs to boil to put over a salad , D had made mozzarella sticks and out of pure hunger I inhaled like 3 of them , and have been paying for it since . Ugh . Everyone is stressing me out so bad . Yesterday I could not catch a break . My grandma called me complaining that she called her DIL Lilly to order my grandpa more needles ( I think he’s diabetic ) and how she’s been calling Lilly for days with no reply , can I please help her . Oh and while I have her on the phone , can I call about a $25 bill she got , and can I call to see if and when she’s getting her HEAP credit , and did I fill out the application yet for life line .. My head hurt from it all .. I spent ALL of the kids naptime taking care of all her issues instead of cleaning up my house or running .. Then my sister Oksana is texting me , I’m doing a JOINT party for my girls this Sunday . Estella just turned 3 on 2/2 ( I need to do an entry on her ) , and Emma is turning 5 next month .. So small party for both on Sunday . Oksana tells me her boys Josiah’s birthday IS that day . She never throws parties for her kids and asks me if she can have his present ( bike ) shipped to my house to surprise him with it .. ok I tell her .. THEN a few days later she asks if she can bring a cake ( like a boy cake ) I said oookay .. THEN SHE FREAKIN text me yesterday asking if she can invite her SIL with HER 3 kids TO MY HOUSE , ?? to what celebrate her kids birthday ?? LIKE WTF OKSANA . Have your own stupid ass party , don’t come to my house .. but no , she literally is trying to piggy back on my party and now its going to be this stupid Emma , Estella’s and JOSIAH’s party . NO . Just NO . All of D’s family comes to our kids parties , my parents NEVER come , they don’t “ do ” kids parties . So I will have all of D’s family over , my friend Kathy and Olga with their daughters , my sister Nina and Oksana and then Oksana is going to try and sing happy birthday to Josiah and give him A present . ( Obvi I will have to run out sometime this week and buy him something too ) . but the party is NOT for him , and she’s just NOT freaking GETTING THAT .. In reply to her request to invite her SIL/friend I text her no dude , I want to keep it small .. I HATE to say NO , I never say no but she’s putting me in a very uncomfortable position where I’m half tempted to just cancel the whole damn thing .. I never got along with her growing up , I made amends when we were adults , after we both had kids , but shit like this makes me rethink being friends with her . She just bulldozes over me like she did when we were little .. She’s just like my mother . Because everyone was sick at my house I never got a chance to go to Target and buy the dolls for the cake I was supposed to order from the bakery we always use . This is what I was thinking of having them make , professionally : Now its Wed , we are going to Target and if they have the dolls I will buy them to maybe display on the dessert table but I highly doubt our bakery will be able to whip up a custom cake by Saturday , they are closed Sunday . So that blows . I don’t know what to do if they cant make it , I suppose I’ll have to go somewhere like Cosco or Giant Eagle . I’ve never ordered a cake from anywhere else so hopefully they are decent . My in-laws are major cake snobs , they ONLY get it from Michaelangelos so I’m hoping they won’t be disappointed . Oh well . On top of everything I volunteered to help with Emma’s Pre-K Valentine’s day party . Its TOMORROW . She brought a note home and imagine my SURPRISE when I learned I’m not just showing up to lend a hand , I’m responsible for throwing it ! Along with the other 2 moms on the sheet . I’m sure I would have been notified sooner but Emma was out sick last week .. Neither of the women contacted me so I reluctantly had to be the one to send out the email . I told them I can bring in Valentine Donuts , juice/water for the snack & make gift bags . They both responded that they ( each ) found a cute game on pinterest and will make it/bring it .. No offense but that is some bullshit , I don’t pay $130 a month for Emma to go to school twice a week and I’m responsible for throwing a holiday party ? Ok . I do not regret volunteering , Emma is over the moon about me coming to her classroom with heart donuts , she can’t wait to show me who her friends are . I just think its a lot for me to deal with ON TOP of everything else I am dealing with right at this moment . Such is life .. It also stated that I can’t bring siblings so I had to find a sitter on top of it . Luckily Danielle owes me right now so she’s coming to watch the other kids .. I have a lot on my plate right now .. Last night I could just feel my heart pounding in my chest as I’m mentally going over my to -do list .. As soon as I finished dinner , I made the girls plates ( D was working late ) , and I made them a picnic in the basement , put Ethan in his bouncer and just freakin RAN , and ran and ran and ran .. I went from 5mph , to 6 , then to 7 . My heart rate was like 165-175 bpm . The treadmill came with a monitor that I strap to my chest . I played I cant stop by flux pavilion on repeat . I ran 2 miles without stopping until all my anxiety melted away and I wasn’t hyperventilating about all the different things I had to do , all the people pulling at me from all sides to help them . It will ALL BE OKAY . I will do what I can , one day at a time , and it will all get done . I can’t stress about what I can’t control . I might not be “ supermom ” tomorrow at Pre-K but I will do my best to make Emma proud , I handled all my grandma’s issues but one , the party on Sunday will NOT be like the ones on pinterest but my girls will be thrilled to see their friends , I also got them matching Elsa dresses for their present ( and the sleeping bags , ) , they will be so HAPPY & that is ALL that counts … D can bitch about the bottles all he wants , I cannot be perfect , I am NOT perfect , I am ONE person , I will make mistakes , I will not always have a perfectly clean house . I will do my best to come through for everyone to the best of my ability . One day at a time .. I felt a MILLION times better after my run last night , all the noise in my head evaporated . I would have run longer but D came home and took the baby out of his bouncer and I felt guilty that he was “ watching ” him upstairs while I ran , I know he didn’t mind but that MOMMY GUILT just gets me every time . I really need this shirt in my LIFE ! OK . Lunch hour is coming to a wrap .. I leave you with pics of baby boy : Last week . I think .. He is soo big !! Makes me so sad . yesterday I put him in the big boy crib for his nap .. he LOVES to hold something by his face when he’s falling asleep , so I let him sleep with his lamby , but I gently took it away once he was sleeping soundly . I love him so fiercely . It is time for him to sleep in the big crib at bedtime I think . Which means I do have to take all those cute adorable bumpers off , take all the blankets out , I’m not looking forward to it . I feel safe when he’s near me in the bassinet but he’s getting too big .. I’m just so scared of SIDS i wish he could stay near me for 2 more months :( tummy time is not so bad anymore .. face-timing with my little Navy boy Danny .. xoxo Last updated February 11 , 2015 	2
I was very mad at somebody . So I was walking to my grandma's house ( which is 4 hours away by car ) . So I was walking past a corn field . A tall man in a suit with a top hat stopped me and put me in his top hat . He ran through the corn field with me in his top hat . So I cut out the top portion of his hat and fell out . He did not notice that I fell out . So he kept on walking . I walked the other way . 	1
I'm going to be just fine . Yesterday was my day off so I went to my class , made the car payment and got groceries . My ex was still on my mind so I finally called him and then visited him at his work . I was starting to get butterflies all over again but that faded quickly . It was the same game as it ever was where he starts with how we rushed into things before and this time we should just be friends and work our way up from there . Well , I called him about an hour before he was scheduled to get off work , I called to see if he was going to come over and he said that he was thinking about it but had to get up early this morning to see his kid . Well then said , " how would you feel if I told you I just wanted to be friends that fucked around once in a while " needless to say I thought about it for a second , didn't speak and then hung up on him . It's sad to say that I had a glimmer of hope that maybe he missed me , was sorry for the mistakes he made was ready to make it right but now I know 100% that he is still the selfish , evil son of a bitch that I walked away from 2 months ago and nothing is ever going to change . He told me that he had been making a lot of changes in the past couple of months but as far as I could tell , there hasn't been any improvement . I'm sorry that I wasted my time to just find out what I already knew . I was pretty upset for a few minutes and was getting really sad but then I realized I've been doing just fine without him for quite some time now and I'm going to continue doing just fine without him . He will always have a piece of my heart and a piece of my past but there's just too many reasons why he can't be a part of my future . I am always going to have feelings for him and know that we could have had something incredible but I know now more than ever , I have to move on . I have to leave him behind so that I will eventually find someone who will appreciate me , love me , honor me , respect me and know what I'm worth . It's too bad that it's not going to be him but he made that choice . Even this morning , he was the first thing I thought about but then I realized I've let him and his actions get me down long enough and I just can't live in that sadness anymore . I have too much going on to dwell over things I can't change . I know that there's always gonna be a part of me that cares for him but I can't have him in my life anymore . I told him that I'm not on birth control and he said that never stopped us before but it's like yeah , just because we were stupid before doesn't mean that doing it now would be smart either !!! I am too motivated in my life to end up pregnant and be a single mom because of him . He wouldn't care what consequences there would be for me is something did happen and that's what really pisses me off . I refuse to let myself fall back under his spell and end up hurt all over again . I will never forget how hurt I was and I will NOT go through that again . I wandered around like a fucking zombie for months , wondering and waiting for the hurt to stop . Some days I could barely get out of bed and it hurt to take a deep breath . I refuse to go back down that road again . It's not worth it . HE'S not worth it . So I slept til noon and then got my work schedule . I'm scheduled 42 hours next week which was my incentive to get all my homework done so I won't have class on Monday , Wednesday , or Friday . I still have plenty of math homework but I'm not going to worry about it until next week because I'm burnt the fuck out on the homework bid . I just spent the past 4 hours getting all my shit done and now I just want to sit and relax until tomorrow when I have to leave for work at 4pm . I am very tired so I plan to take a hot bath , watch tv and go to bed early . I want to get back into the gym scene once school lets out . I'm still making extremely unhealthy food choices due to always being in a hurry or being too tired and impatient to cook stuff so I'm thinking once school is out , I'll be able get back into a good schedule for a few months and make better choices with food and be able to excersize . I hate being this overweight because my feet hurt , my back hurts , it's harder to control my blood sugar and my knees burn going up and down stairs . I just want to be healthy and I need to figure out how to make that happen !!!! I'm not entirely excited to work all day next Sunday but I need the hours and hopefully I'll make some decent money . I'm really hoping it's going to start warming up and stay warm . It's been 6 months of winter time here and it's driving me fucking nuts . I'm sick of being cold all the time . I'm ready for it to start being warm outside because then it's easier to get up in the morning and I want to wear skirts again . I sit here and think about my ex , what he meant to me and just wishing , praying that he loved me back but I know that I'm better off without him around . With working , having new people in my life and having goals , I'm in a much better place and I'm learning to like myself again . I still have those moments where I don't think I'm good enough or angry at myself for being fat or feeling like I'm lonely because I've done something wrong but I just have faith that the right guy will come along eventually and in the mean time I have to focus on making money and doing what I need to do for me . I know that if he was a part of my life especially if we were sleeping together , it would destroy me mentally like it's done in the past and as much as it hurts to let go , it's also been the most beneficial . I know that I deserve better than what he gave me and it would be foolish to allow him not only in my everyday , but make love to someone who didn't love me back would make me suicidal . I just can't be fuck buddies with someone I would have spent the rest of my life with . He just doesn't get it . He doesn't understand that I did love him and want a future with him while all he wanted was a good fuck . Well that's on him . He can just go sleep with as many chicks as he wants and I can sit here knowing that it's not hurting me in any way shape or form . I'm not hurting over it anymore . I'm always going to care about him but I don't want him back . I'm never going to settle for less than what I deserve ever again . I put up with it because I really hoped he would change but I know now more than ever he isn't going to which is completely fine but I'm not wasting any more of my heart . Anyway , bath time . 	2
I am at some type of gathering , like a picnic . A male friend who is a judge is carrying a plant to my car which someone has started for some reason . The plant is supposed to help me . My husband is there . The car is a Cadillac . The judge may be looking for an Escort ( which I used to drive ) . I have to cross a ditch to get to him but I go on looking . I meet a friend from high school whom I haven't seen in 40 years . She is with other friends . As we say hello she falls off a little rise and gets skinned up and hurt and cries like a little kid . 	1
Luv these [ Private Entry ] Tuesday , November 16 , 2004 Different colored powders smeared across her hides the flawless face of a crazy beautiful girl . Lip gloss and shimmer left on the lips of boys when all they wanted to taste was the tenderness of her . The dye in her hair takes away the sand color that every other beach bum wants . The different shade of contacts in her eyes makes it hard to look in to the eyes of a crazy beautiful girl . looking past her made up self , looking past the fake greens that shadow her brown eyes , looking past her hair roots that are growing out . You’ll wonder how this crazy beautiful girl can change her self so much . I have a twenty dollar bill that says no one has ever seen her with out make up . Butterflies filled his stomach as he got closer to the chain linked fence . “ Just look down and walk fast , ” was repeated over in his head . Its clear in his sight , he stops and breathes in for luck . His hands are tight in his pockets as they become sweaty . He walks fast but seems to be getting nowhere . He hears a noise coming close towards him and imagines the worst . Until the chain linked fence with his biggest fear on the other side has turned into a white picket fence with nothing but green grass . My heart is more tattered then it has ever been . Im asking you nicely don't play with my emotions again . Worse than before your empty kisses cant fix it anymore . My heart is heading for you hands , so you can beak it again . Continue to keep your arms open to see if ill run in to them . I’ve gone to cry in someone else’s arms , I guess it goes to say threes a charm . A fatal accident left her bruised and broken . She gives her self only five minutes a day to feel sorry for her self . She has to cry and know that she can’t whip her own tears from her face . She can’t recall the memories she swore she’d never forget . She knows she was made to stay for something . She didn’t fall from the sky for any other reason . She’s learning how to fly , because even angles die . leave me in the crowd where I should be , where no one has ever noticed me , im writing something you'll never hear , the face you make when you read my thoughts is just to much to bear , please stay right here don't ever leave , with out your hand in mine its hard to breathe , im the picture that goes unfocused , the girl that no one will ever notice , i don't think you feel the way that I do , you will never be there to say I love you , just leave again like you always do , again im alone still wanting you , I finally came to my senses , I guess what comes next is for the best , I took your picture from my wallet , it lies by my feet as I cry in my closet , leave me here where I should be , where no one has ever noticed me , all I want is for my emo kid to love me . when he left he had an excited face covering his scared emotions he doesn't like to talk about what happened but no one ever asks there are some things the human mind should never have to live with , some things the body should never have felt he sits on his bed , with a fine gloss over his eyes replaying every second of everyday that is now his unforgettable past his strong man image left him the day he came home with a burden that he wouldn't be able to lift . A single word , a single meaning He left the house in a hurry Set a bag carefully in the back The radio playing his favorite song No time to buckle as the window gets rolled down He was changing the station as he crossed the double lines Flowers for the loss The phone rings as she's drying her hands ' hello ' in a pleasant Saturday voice the loss of breath sends her to her knees tears damp on her cotton sweater the phone is left off the hook ' im so sorry ' is faint over the weeps cant go on the hottest night of the summer cant take the cold away from his side of the bed he walks past as if he doesn't know her , you'd never be able to tell that these two people fell hard for each other once its as if she said ' I want to fall in love ' and went for the jump and he was there to say I'll catch you . And opened his arms with the simple words ' I cant do this anymore ' her heart was torn out he'd look straight ahead even if he had the chance to look down at her they still laugh and they still live but with out one another does it matter she knows how to make him feel bad , he knows how to make her cry don't believe them when they say words will never hurt you 	2
Tonights playlist .. This song is so beautiful to me .... like holy shit this song is so intoxicating - and it was the ending song for a video game . 	2
A 3-inch tall deer came into my boyfriend Jeremy's room . It was really cute . I held it and such , but we didn't think it was safe , so took it to the zoo . They didn't want to accept it because care costs money . So we'd have to pay them , but would eventually yield a profit . The deer was small , so we just snuck it through the bars . At that point it was actually a little lizard wearing a horse blanket . Then there was a chimp , and the zoo was asking an exorbitant amount for it too ... So Jeremy came up with this brilliant little scam . He wrote a computer program . I don't remember it exactly but there was some sort of robotic thing , and a spray . We were in this Icelandic world . Off in the snow someone was pushing on the rump of a rhino or wildebeest while the polar bears just sat around . Well someone was driving on the ice and it cracked , and Jeremy's spray came to the rescue and the plan was going to work . 	1
Just turned in my 2 week notice , need reassurance This is going to be a wall of text , just a forewarning . A little backstory .. I am a 23 year old high school graduate with no college experience let alone a degree . I've been working for a wireless telecommunications company based out of Texas for the past 3 years . It's been my first and only " adult " job with salary pay , health insurance and other benefits . Now I know that people quit jobs for better opportunities all the time but here is my situation . 3 years ago I was a drug addict . No car , no job , no home , no money . I met this girl and she took me in ( we started dating ) . Her parents treated me as their own son and got me whipped into shape and clean from drugs . I got a job washing dishes at a local restaurant to pull my weight and help out with whatever they needed around the house . After a couple months of working there , the girls step-father , decided to get me a job at the telecommunications company he worked at . I have slowly worked up the ladder , gotten promotions and raises through the course of three years . But I hated what I did . I was in charge of logistics and working in the warehouse and I hated it . I had never spoken up or voiced my opinion because I felt in debt to this family and I could not stand the though of disappointing them . 3 years goes by and other companies start to recognize me , and job offers start coming in . This past week I received and offer I couldn't refuse . I won't go into specifics , but it's A LOT more money , company truck , company card , company phone , laptop etc . I know this may not all make sense . And I know I've probably left out key pieces of my story but my mind is racing right now ( and I'm on my phone ) . I guess I just need reassurance that I'm not completely fucking up here . If you have questions about my situation , just ask . Thanks for the read . I feel kind of better now . Edit : Words Edit 2 : I just turned in my notice last night so it's still fresh on my mind , also this is the only time I've ever turned in a notice . All other jobs I've just stopped showing up . 	2
I am in a hotel where I am supposed to dance in the female impersonator show . Am dressed in full women's underclothes , but no dress , and am wondering why no one has given me a fancy gown for the revue . Someone hands me some material and at first it appears to be just folded remnant of cloth of a greenish gold color , but attractive , with a small print design . As I unfold it , I see it has short sleeves and is long , but needs ironing or pressing . I go to a hotel room where I know there are two irons . As I walk in , notice someone is using the smaller of the two and ironing on a blanket on a table . I turn to the other side of room where I know there is a normal ironing board , but then see someone also using that . I am impatient to get dressed and eventually am wearing the dress and realize that the show is starting . I look at wrist watch and time is 10:25 pm and know show starts at 10:30 . I am in a panic . This is my first show and I must be on time . But my face is not made up and I know it takes much time to apply theatrical makeup properly . I ask someone to get my little white box with makeup . Later I am in an elevator , still dressed but without makeup , and people are looking at me strangely . I think surely they must realize I am in the impersonator revue . 	1
We were traveling on 465 and getting off on a GI exit . We noticed an accident at the end of the exit ramp . It was too late to avoid going by there . I got to the end of the ramp too fast and I was worried about making the left-hand turn where the police were directing the traffic . I did make it okay . Unfortunately , they didn't have detour signs up yet so it was up to each driver to figure out the detour . At this point we are walking . I'm with Matthew . There are some other people ahead of us . Some behind us . We're all trying to figure out which way to go for a detour . We ended up back where we were . They had now cleaned up the accident and we could get through . However , now it was the hallway in my house . There was a woman behind . There were some men that were still cleaning up . This woman either wanted to get some information from me or give me some information . She walked in the room . I think it was the master bedroom . She was saying how uncomfortable she felt there . I told her that there had just been an accident there but I didn't know anything about it . She kept saying how uncomfortable she felt and that she really wanted to get out of that room . There was a picture on the wall that had some feathers on it . She made some comment about one of the feathers that was primarily royal blue but had a few white streaks in it . There were a number of people standing there and she kept talking about that feather . I finally said to a couple of people , do you want to hear where I got that feather ? A couple of them said yes . I said , One day I was lying on the floor , ( I pointed to a doorway between two rooms and indicated that I had been lying in that doorway across the beige carpet ) , so as you can see the pillowcase was white and the floor was very white . I had been taking a nap . Where it had come from , especially when everything around me was white , I have no idea . Uncle A was standing next to me and said something about that being very spooky . Now it became even spookier to me because this woman had something , told us some story about the significance of that feather . I'm wondering if someone was injured as a result of that accident . 	1
The dreamer was in a strange room . There were many doors leading out , but he didn't know which one to choose . He had a feeling that he had to choose one of them but that there was danger in choosing the wrong door . He opened one and stepped into a dark void through which he started to fall . 	1
Tonight's Version of " What I didn't say " You came over tonight . I've not actually seen you in , what , weeks ? Gods you've lost weight . I'm not sure that's such a good thing though . There was a bit of pallor around your face . Hopfully just because of the apointments today . Hopefully .. But gods baby . I've missed you . I want you soo bad . Just to hold you . Just to put my arms around you and tell you how sorry I am . How wrong I am . I've never loved ANYONE like this . EVER . I hurt through my soul ... I wish I could have stood and smiled as you walked away . Or at least held my head up . Instead of slumping to the soul ... Trying my best to hold the sobs of grief in - and failing . Boy said " I love you " You said you loved him back .... He whispered " Dad " ... I said " No bubby " " DAD " .... " Bubby I can't ... She asked me not to again today ... ' And then the tears came .... Leaking .... Broken .... Sobbing ... I don't do this ... I love her . I just don't do this .... I just can't take her not being part of my life . Of our life .... But , for now , I have to . Fix me she said . No promises she said . That's what I'm doing . Going to keep working towards .... It's all I can do . G . . 	2
Holiday Prep In Full Swing This morning I made Christmas pudding . Just took it out of the water a little while ago . It’s cooling , in its pot , on the counter . I couldn’t resist taking a peek at it to make sure it was done . I haven’t made it in a long time , and the recipe is a little vague about some things , but it looks like it turned out pretty good . The recipe came from my British penpal’s mother . When I was 9 years old , I sent 35¢ , my name , age , and address to an organization in Minnesota ( I think it was Minnesota ) , and was matched with a 9 year old girl in England . She and I became penpals , and continued until I was in college . I still remember how exciting it was to be waiting for a letter ( a REAL letter , written on airmail stationery , with a real stamp on it ! ) It took about 2 weeks to arrive . I used to write to her on this special airmail stationery that was pre-stamped , and folded up to form its own envelope . I learned to write in very small print so I could cram as much onto that paper as possible ! A year or 2 after we started corresponding , Mom asked me to write to Gaynor’s mother and ask her for some authentic British Christmas recipes . I told Mom to write to the woman herself . Mom did . And Thelma wrote back to Mom , sent a couple of recipes and a nine page letter detailing their Christmas traditions ! And that’s how we got the Christmas pudding recipe . We also got a recipe for a cake that called for Guinness Stout , which at the time was not readily available here . We found it at “ Foods of All Nations ” in the mall . It was expensive , but we bought it anyway . Mom and I tasted it . I thought the stout itself tasted horrible , but the cake was delicious . ( I still think Guinness tastes horrid ) Although Gaynor and I lost touch over the years , Mom and Thelma still continue to write to each other ( the old fashioned way ) , and so , indirectly , I’ve kept up with Gaynor’s life , too . Thelma , Gaynor , and her brother came to visit my family back in the ‘ 70’s , and when my Dad retired Mom surprised him with a trip to England , and they spent several days with Thelma and her husband Bill . Now of course , with the internet , it’s possible to correspond , and even to talk to people on the other side of the world , and it doesn’t seem as extraordinary as getting an hones t-t o-goodness letter felt back when I was a kid . Anyway , I think this year’s Christmas pudding came out fine . It sure smelled good . Wednesday , I didn’t do very much , other than sit in the recliner with the heating pad , because sometime on Tues evening , I twisted my back , and it was bothering me a lot on Wed . It was a weird twist , too .... it wasn’t my lower back , but , between my shoulder blade and my waist on the right side of my back . Fortunately , a few ibuprofen , a day of rest , and plenty of heat put it to rights , cause yesterday was a BUSY day . Yesterday , Mom and I made the strufoli and the bows . We started at 10am , and finished frying the last batch just at 7pm . It was a loooooooong day . We made 3 batches of strufoli ( honey balls ) , and 4 batches of bows . We were only going to make 3 batches of the bows , but Mom forgot to add the muscatel to one batch . We wondered why the dough seemed so stiff and dry , but it wasn’t until we got it rolled out and cut that she realized her mistake . I had the brilliant idea to fry them up anyway rather than waste them , and to season them with parmesan and spices , and use them as a savory snack instead . They turned out rather well , if I do say so myself ( I had a few with some tomato soup for lunch today ) . Mom had planned to have chicken last night for supper . I told her I didn’t think we’d be anywhere near done frying at dinnertime , and it was going to be too much extra work to start dragging out food , reheating it , serving it , then having to clean everything up again , all in the middle of trying to fry . She tried to argue , but I decided it would be better to order in . Brother was going out in the afternoon , so I gave him $30 and told him to bring us back something for dinner . I left it up to him , since he knows what’s here , inexpensive , and good better than I do . He came home with Steak & Shake hamburgers and milkshakes . We ate there last week , and I really liked it , so I was glad that’s what he chose yesterday . I could develop a serious fondness for S&S mocha shakes ..... and their burgers are good , too . Even Mom admitted that having take out had been a good idea . I admire Mom for wanting to ‘ make Christmas ’ , and for doing all this baking and frying and preparing . But it feels like so much WORK ..... and I don’t know if Mom really enjoys doing it , or if she feels obligated to do it , and to do it the way ‘ it’s always been ’ . We’re having Ellie , and her niece and her niece’s daughter over for Christmas Eve ( we went to the niece’s house for Thanksgiving ) . Ellie will come Christmas Day . We’ll see Ellie again on Christmas Day . Brother will make homemade pizza for New Year’s Eve ( and Ellie and her other niece and her husband might come , too ) . My paternal grandmother always made pizza for New Year’s . When she couldn’t do it anymore , Brother took over , and he’s done it ever since . Over the years , I’ve gotten used to very pared down holidays , and I rather prefer them that way . All this fuss and bother is too much ! But I’m going along with Mom this year , cause this is how she wants it . My own holidays might have been quieter and simpler , but I have a couple of my own traditions that I’d like to keep ..... like having bagels and lox for New Year’s breakfast . ( I used to get a big package of smoked salmon at BJ’s and have enough for Christmas Eve , Christmas Day , and both New Year’s Eve and New Year’s morning as well .... but there’s no BJ’s here ) . I still haven’t watched George C . Scott’s “ A Christmas Carol ” , nor “ The Muppet Christmas Carol ” , both favorites of mine , that I watch every year . We all watched Albert Finney as “ Scrooge ” last night .... another tradition . I’m liking being ‘ home ’ with my family for the holiday . But I’m also missing being on my own . I feel like I have to be available for Mom and help her out as much as I can ..... and it isn’t that I mind doing that , but I feel a little like I’m losing myself . It all has to be one on Mom’s timetable , and done her way . And there’s SO MUCH that she wants done ...... every minute , it seems ! ( Brother of course , is exempt from having to do any of it ) . I’m trying not to stress over it , and to relax and enjoy being able to share Christmas with Mom and Brother again . We never know how many Christmases we’ll have together , so it’s important to make the most of them . ( so forgive me if I come here to whine and moan ..... it’s just to let off steam , because , really , I AM glad to be here , and grateful to have my family ..... just maybe not every minute ! ) Last updated December 19 , 2014 	2
The guitarist broke my heart and then kicked me out of our band because of " musical differences " - can't seem to let go of it .. To try and keep this as vague as possible : Me ( the drummer ) and some friends formed a band a few years ago , it was just a fun thing to do outside of work and classes at first , but we started having more and more practices and even a few relatively large shows , some merch and some loyal fans ! I'm pretty sure we would have had some great times in this band , but the band split up not too long after we reached that very first smidgen of minor success . Why ? Well : To cut a long story short , the guitarist was questioning his sexuality and would tell me a lot around this time that he was confused and wanted to know what it was like to be with another guy . I had a HUGE crush on him and had done for a while , so I totally stupidly offered to show him what it was like . I accept full responsibility for opening myself up like that and putting myself into a such a vulnerable position- it wasn't clever , I know . He liked it , in fact he really liked it . He liked it too much . All of a sudden he was blaming me for ' making him gay now ' , within days he had suddenly found a girlfriend he claimed to be " in love with " and was refusing to talk to me- even when were we in the same room at practices . He told the other members ( who had no idea about all this ) that he thought it would be best to find another drummer with a " more fitting style " . They were super confused because they really liked my style and liked me too , but , they'd known him for longer and would rather lose just a drummer instead of losing a drummer and a guitarist , so they followed his lead ... then split up months later anyway . The reason I'm writing this here is because I had to explain this to a friend recently and I legit started crying .. It was really embarrassing . I had no idea all this was bottled up in me for this long , I'm getting emotional now . Urgh . Thanks for reading anyway . 	2
This soldier was the same young man I had dreamed about the night before . Our fruit cellar seemed to be very well stocked . In fact , it was overcrowded . We were living in our basement recreation room and using the fruit cellar for a bomb shelter . Outdoors bombs were being dropped , but the only visible damage was the presence of huge holes in the streets . There were road blocks at close intervals along the street and I was unsuccessfully trying to push my grandfather's large two-wheeled cart down the middle of the road . This seemed to be piled high with cabbages of all things , which weren't in the best condition . During this time , the blond lad was hiding in the house peering from the front window of the bedroom which was mine while I was in high school . All day he sat there focusing my dad's binoculars on the enemy soldiers who were patrolling the five points in front of our house . Only at night did he leave the house . At this time we would go for walks together . 	1
So I was watching the movie in the basement of a factory or something . All the people I was watching it with got the plague from the movie . I got so scared and ran to my brother's room . He was there and we sat in his room and we were listening to Harry Potter on tape , but then he got the plague too ! It was horrible . 	1
( can't think of a title ) Before anything else I just want to begin by saying ‘ Thank You ’ for all your support , your kind and wonderful words . I think that like one of you said , my last day of work ( this past Friday ) was a day to say good bye to the babies/kids in the Kindergarten and that sort of triggered that sense of loss . I realised then that all these years at work , they have been my crutches , I have used them as the excuse on why I don’t have kids , “ Oh , I have 24 kids at work , I think that’s enough ! ” , I would joke and avoid more questions . The truth of the matter is , I am afraid of losing another baby . I am afraid of not getting pregnant again . I am afraid of the disappointment . And the kids , well , they did let me love them , and I do , so much ! And they love me , it was perfect ! I have seen many of them grow up , come in crawling , and I have seen their first steps , heard their first words , seen their struggles and their achievements , put them to sleep every day for the past three years , I know if they like to cuddle , or if they just wanna hold my hand , or if they need to hear a lullaby . They have been my kids . Now I have none , and well , that made it difficult . So difficult , I cried all friggin ’ Friday , it was ridiculous . Anyway , my colleagues seemed also pretty bummed , they had wonderful cards made for me by the kids , ( pics following ) , they game me a huge bouquet of flowers , a Gift Certificate for a Massage at my massage place across the street so thoughtful ! ) , and one of my colleagues , Tina , even got me a lip gloss and a card of her own . Some parents also gave me little presents or cards , flowers , one even gave me a huge box of macaroons , delicious . I should finish them today before they go bad , they’re so good ! Here’re the best flowers I got on Friday with the little boy who walked in so proud to be carrying them for me LOL : These are the cards I got : I felt loved . That day , after much deliberation , I went to Zumba to sweat it all off . It helped but didn’t stop me from crying a bit more later haha . Anyhow , that night J was super sweet , he brought me Quattro Formaggio pizza ( all hail the healing powers of melted cheese ! ) , and he rubbed me back until I could fall asleep . We are in such a good place with him , I am so full of love for this man . Yesterday we even had incredible sex that lasted like 40 mins !!! It was so good , I was actually a little surprised ( LOL , I am a horrible person hahahahaha) !!!! After that we hung out with Liz and Justin bc Liz’s sister and her boyfriend , and two friends of them from Philly , Ken and Cortney ( Ken is the crazy guy who wanted to rent a fucking yacht for Justin’s bachelor party in Miami , among other expensive activities , and Cort is his wife ) , so we met them for drinks , had lots of beer and then we left them bc they wanted to take a nap before going out in the evening , for which we said we couldn’t make it . Seriously , they were going to a Thai place that is so ridiculously expensive it makes absolutely no sense . Liz kept saying how it tastes so authentic , and mind you , she’s never been to Thailand . I refuse to pay 20 fucking Euros for a chicken curry dish !!!! It’s beyond crazy !! So we came home , J sent his birthday invitation , we did some paperwork that needed to be done , and I made some enchiladas : My diet has not been good lately , jiggly jiggly . But I begin tomorrow to be healthy , eat some berries every day , cut down on carbs , and up my work outs . In fact , I will use my Amazon Gift Certificate I got from the parents for Christmas to buy a cordless jump rope ( one of the best things to do to burn belly fat , my PT back home incorporated that in all my routines ) to use in my gym for my routines , and maybe even a flip belt bc they look so cool and I can keep my phone and routine cards there :) And I will begin making not-so-hearty meals for J now . In Winter I just always like hearty meals , but nope , no more . Also , I might put this on my fridge : Anything ! My sister comes in a month and a half- had I mentioned that ? SO my sister who is in Savannah , GA will come for Spring Break ! She got some moolah back from they school when they cancelled one of her courses , and that’s how she managed to get the ticket for here , I am so excited !! She’s the only one who has still never been here to visit me , so we are over the moon . And it makes me pretty glad to be unemployed and have all the time for her . The one thing though , we both love to eat and when we’re together it’s deadly . LOL . We will both be dieting prior to her visit to have some room when she comes and eats all the food supply in Bavaria LOL . Also , her new boyfriend , who lives in Paris , is coming for a couple of days , and then they will go to Paris for a long weekend together , and then she’ll come back here for about 5 more days . It worked out perfectly bc that weekend she’s in Paris , I will be in London for Susan’s Hen Party . Marcela is my youngest sister , before Rafa ( the one and only boy ) . Marce and me have always had a special relationship , we are very similar , enjoy similar things , and just in general we connect a little better than how we connect with Adriana . It always happens with siblings , I suppose , that is there is more than one sibling there is one u connect better than with the other . Rafa also sort of connects better with both of us , Adriana is just a different style , but deep down she is incredibly sensitive ( even more than Marce and me ) and sweet . Anyhow , knowing that family , and especially her will be here is giving me an amazing amount of comfort and happiness . Meet Marce , soon right here with me ! : Anyway , this entry is way too long already and I have to get ready to meet Franzi for brunch . J is out skiing in Austria , so I have the day to myself . Have a beautiful Sunday , y’all!! 	2
One Month OPINIONS NEEDED I need to write things about Germany ! I need to write things about my ED ! I need to write about the 5 year anniversary of Britts death ! So much I need to say but I am so stressed ... Well things are coming together . We have a few things left . Major things include the wedding bands eeeeek money ... The bridesmaid gifts printing off the center piece pictures I made whitening our teeth buying gooood makeup getting my hair cut and colored Gonna need your opinion guys ! Making the bar menu Michaels dad just bought us 400 worth of beer and wine thank GOODNESS thats something i dont have to worry about all i need is champagne for the toast ! and dresses for my rehearsel bachelorette and bridesmaid luncheon Okay well anyway here are the hair colors I am looking at First off this is me ! And here are the colors NOT CUTS I am considering I want light brown and I know those are somewhat similar but opinions ??? 	2
I'm in some strange mall with Joey and Shawn and we're looking at sweatshirts that are on sale . They're like Hurley and Vulcan and others and weird clothes too . Then Shawn says , " Let's go surfing , " so all the sudden we have our wet suits on and our long boards and we're walking through the mall to the center of the mall , and now we're standing waiting for something to happen . With a rumble a huge tidal wave crashes through the mall . I miss it , but Shawn and not Joey , but Kyle get it , and when the next wave comes , this time I do catch it and start riding through the mall . I get hung up on a wall , but somehow keep momentum . When I reach the big room where I was trying on sweatshirts , I go airborne and fly high into the air . As I fall down , I grab onto a structure and don't land hard . Then I see all the " regulars " that most surf this mall all the time , and they seem unimpressed , like it was lame of me to fly through the air like I did . 	1
Negative people suck the living crap out of you . First ever post : I work with this old chick . She's a bitter bitch . She hates her husband . Her youngest son doesn't talk to her . Deep down she's a people pleaser but at the same time she manipulates people into liking her and giving her what she wants . We work together 5 days a week ... i forced myself to like her and to be on good terms with her . We do have our good days where we laugh our asses off at work but lately , she's been getting on my nerves . She's the type of woman who will complain about EVERYTHING and NOTHING all at once . She gossips like it the air she breathes , which makes me fully aware that if she can gossip about other people , she's doing the same about me . I play her games . I play the game of listening to her , pretending to agree with her , just so she shuts the fuck up and i can go about my day . My end is near . I feel like im about to snap on her and tell her to fucking fuck off . She pops these pain reliever pills ( percocept ? ) 3 times in 8 hours because of back . She takes smoke breaks every hour for 10 mins ON TOP of her lunch break , but when i go for my break BEFORE she can go for her smoke , im ignored for the entire rest of the day/evening , because princess bitch didn't get her fix . I took the day off today to get away from her . I emotionally cannot tolerate her . I cannot go to my boss because she has manipulated her into thinking shes this great , hard working woman . They are on very good terms with each other ... Im currently trying to find another position , but in the meantime , friends .. WHAT DO I DO ?? I sit there , silent and do my work and it's fine ... but i feel her anger growing because im not ' bowing ' down to her anymore . She's the type of woman that if i start doing something wrong , shell be the first person emailing our boss . It's driving me mental . I feel like im going insane . I cannot fucking stand negative people . THEY MAKE ME WANT TO VOMIT . I physically break out in hives if i am in the presence of someone whose negative for too long . I have an amazing spouse whose all ears every day and is able to calm me down super quick but i cannot keep doing this to him . I've also started working out , hard , to relieve my stress and it helps some , but while it is happening , what do you people do to handle these type of co-workers/fucking retards ? Ignore my grammar please . I was furiously typing away ... 	2
39 weeks We’re 39 weeks today ! This is the last belly picture we’ll be able to take . Little William will be here in just 4 days ! Quinten and I kicked ass yesterday around the house . I didn’t do anything in excess and I took tons of breaks as needed ( because there were a few times my back felt like it was going to give out ) , but I got the house cleaned . Everything has been put away , organized , straightened , and cleaned . I even cleared out our jungle of a hall closet . There was crap everywhere - you could hardly walk through to the back of the closet . It took an hour alone to do that . I think that’s what I’m the most proud of , honestly . lol . My friend’s daughter did the vacuuming for me and I didn’t worry about having her dust ( she’s almost 13 ) since it doesn’t need done . It’s also the first time in weeks that I’ve seen the table in our breakfast nook and dining room as well as the little bar off of our kitchen counter . Our downstairs looks absolutely fantastic , the way it did before health issues started . I got all of William’s bottles washed and since the dishwasher has a sanitize option , I sanitized them , too . All of our laundry is finally caught up on , other than the load in the dryer that just needs to be folded and put away . I’ve let the nesting thing stay on the back burner because of how I had been feeling but I couldn’t take it anymore and I felt fantastic yesterday . While I was cleaning downstairs , Quinten worked in the yard . He mowed , did a ton of trimming , and cleared out a bunch of stuff . Since it has finally stopped raining and isn’t supposed to for a while , he finally had a chance to clean the fence so it can be stained . He only cleaned the outside of it yesterday since it took a few hours ( we have a big yard ) and he’s doing the inside of it right now . He’ll probably stain it tomorrow . He’s been trying to get that project done for a couple of months but it’d be raining whenever he was off work so he never had the chance . He is taking full advantage of being on vacation and FMLA . A friend of ours cleaned upstairs for me a couple weeks ago and it still looks great so I don’t have to worry about that . We don’t use the spare room or the office much so those have stayed clean . Our room and the nursery are the only rooms that need any attention and once they’re vacuumed they’ll be good . The bathrooms are still pretty good , Quinten just needs to clean my shower and that one is done . I was able to do the one downstairs and we don’t really use the third bathroom much . It felt good to be so productive . And I feel pretty good today , too , other than being incredibly tired . I didn’t sleep well . Between this massive belly and the congestion , sleep did not come easily last night . We’re both looking forward to that ending once William arrives . It’s never been this bad before . I do have to laugh a little , though … it’s only payback . He’s snores constantly and while I’m used to it , it sometimes drives me insane . If you saw the memorial bracelet I made and posted on my business page ( on Facebook - Hemp Done Right - look me up ! ) , you should know a friend ordered one similar to it . She lost her boyfriend a little while back to a terrible motorcycle accident . It was his first time on his new bike and a woman in a van crashed into him . She walked away . He was killed instantly . I’m honored to make this for her . That’s pretty much it . I’m sure I’ll update again before Tuesday , though . 	2
Unsafe Bridge Jumping I'm with several friends from home . We walk up to the top of a tower or cliff . My friends Kevin Simpson , Stephen Ramos , and Tiny Combs are there . When we get to the top Kevin goes up to the edge and jumps off without hesitation . I look out through the small door-like opening where he jumped . There is a river hundreds of feet below us . There is a train bridge crossing the river below us . Kevin free falls for about six seconds while the wind blows him over the train bridge below us , down river . I watch as he falls and am afraid he'll land on the bridge : splat ! But he blows over it . He gets close to the water . I see white water below him , and am worried he's going to land in a shallow , rocky area and be killed . He lands , and I see him surface , alive and well . Others also jump . I don't jump because it's too high : I'm very scared of jumping from this height . We're in the river water below . There are many people swimming and floating , playing in the water . I see one body in the water , face down . I think the person is drowning , and pull their head up feeling panicked . The woman turns her head and moves so I know that she's okay . I'm nervous about this whole situation : very high jumping , people swimming about . I think someone may get hurt , and that concerns me . Four men in their late 20's , beer-drinkin ' , cigarette smokin ' , cut-off wearin ' , long stringy-haired guys , jump off the lower train bridge into the water . They joke , are careless , carefree , and silly . Others see his and go to jump . 	1
I [ 22/F ] am struggling at work and feel like I'm not supported by my colleagues [ mixed ages m/f ] So , to start off with , I've been working here for a year now , and I really enjoy the work . There are seven of us based in different locations , and I'm the only person in my location who does my job . It's sales/order processing , and normally it's pretty good , but recently we've all seen a lot more work come in , and I'm starting to struggle . Due to the locations of where we work , I've never had proper training . When it's quieter , my colleagues are great and will always help out with things I'm not sure about , but now that it's busier they don't have time to come back to me on things , and I'm often left trying to manage something I have no idea how to handle . Needless to say , things haven't been going great lately . I've explained to my boss that I'm struggling a little with the workload , and that the number of things going wrong are down to lack of knowledge , not lack of effort on my part . She's offered to take some of my work from me , but ignored what I've said about helping out with other parts instead . I'm swamped at the moment , but I'm concerned that I'll end up with not much to do unless there's something else to take the place of the part I'm getting rid of . I'm worried about looking lazy , but at the moment I look stupid and incompetent . I've had to take on more than I can handle , and despite my asking for help , I've been left to struggle . I know it's not intentional , but they haven't exactly tried to make this any easier for me . It has been so busy that most staff are having issues with things they haven't had time to sort , but fortunately theirs have only been with slightly smaller things . I've messed up a couple of fairly big things , purely because I couldn't get the information I needed and on a couple of occasions I had to wait for my colleagues to organise parts of it and they were so busy they didn't do it . We are meant to be taking on a couple of new staff members in the future , which will help , but I'm worried how to handle things for the time being . My boss seems reluctant to hear that I'm not coping , and the impression I get from other colleagues ' attitudes toward me is that they think I'm slow and not focused enough on the work . Asking to have some changes made to my role seems to have them thinking I'm lazy . I'm due to have a " phone meeting " with my boss tomorrow to speak with her about all of this . I do love my job most of the time . I don't want to leave . How on earth do I handle making it clear that I need some of my workload to be moved around without looking bad ? I'm constantly stressed and it's having a pretty bad impact on my home life . I also have a history of mental health issues , and my depression seems to be making its way back . I'm not exaggerating when I say that things need to change . TL ;D R Work is stressful and I've more or less been set up to fail . How can I best handle this to come out the other side still looking like I am competent and like my job ? 	2
Guilt Why have I been feeling so guilty lately ? It's a constant state of feeling like things I've said or done am saying or doing should lead me to feel guilty . There is absolutely nothing to feel guilty about , but I think our culture lends itself to making people feel guilty for simply living their lives the way they chose to . Or simply living their lives the way the cards have been dealt to them . I hear a lot of discussion about people taking public handouts , and right now I am unemployed so I'm definitely getting money from my former employer's unemployment reserve . They laid me off , and did it in a pretty nasty way ( though not illegal , just mean and cruel ) so there's absolutely no reason I should feel guilty . Honestly , my former employer would try to make me feel guilty about all sorts of things , like not being able to stay until 9pm or they'd make me feel guilty about taking a much needed and legally required lunch break . I feel like just the fact that I had to defend myself in front of a judge for applying for unemployment should give me a sense of feeling guilty . The whole system is screwed up to psychologically mess with the employee , the one who has no money , no rights , and no access to information that will show that person what they're worth as a human being . Respect . And especially , self respect . I think if anything , this whole ordeal is teaching me heaps of self respect . I don't think once in the past 6 years I've had an ounce of self respect . It's amazing to realize this , and I think that's also part of the general guilt I'm feeling . I'm guilty to myself , for not putting my foot down and just saying " stop , look at what you're doing , and think really hard about why you're doing it " I never would have started in the medical field . I'm not saying that's a regret , it's not , but it's just unfortunate all of this had to happen for me to regain my self respect . Or maybe simply gain it , since now I'm not entirely sure if I ever had any . Guilty is a funny thing , and for me it's slowly dissipating from my mind . I can't help but feel bad for the people who still work for horrible employers and are stuck in situations that make them brush their self respect under the rug . I am so grateful that I've had the opportunity to break free , but I think I'm still allowed to feel a little guilty for the fact that I'm free , and so many of my friends are miserable , stuck in the grind . I think they'll realize it some day and come out , but it just takes so much strength and honesty . Just like I'm not drinking alcohol for lent , I'm going to make myself guilt-free as well . I will repeat a mantra to myself that the only reason to feel guilty is when you've truly done something wrong , and then you confront the issue and apologize . But , until that happens , no guilt will be in my mind At . All . 	2
Engagement rings are expensive I want to get my girlfriend the ring she's fallen in love with but I'm worried about fitting it in my budget . I love her and want to share my life with her . I shouldn't be making such an exciting process so stressful . Thanks for reading . Edit : Thanks for the advice , everyone . We love each other , that's what's most important . We're reevaluating the ring situation and either going to find a new one or just waiting and saving up for this one . Just feeling a bit of pressure about it last night so thank you for the support . 	2
I was playing softball , in left field . We were practicing . I couldn't coordinate my movements very well , and if I could catch up to the ball at all , I couldn't catch it , and when I finally picked up the ball I couldn't throw it accurately in the direction I wanted to , nor anywhere near as far as I wanted to . It was very frustrating , because I couldn't figure out any reason for it . My arm felt its normal strength . 	1
One was unattractive and the other was fairly nice looking . I began to get friendly with this one , but not too enthusiastically . She took my display of affection to mean more than I had intended and started trying to get me aroused by pushing her breasts into me . At this point the thought came to my mind that her mother had taught her to do this to enable her to get a boy to marry her . However , I wasn't too concerned with this as I was rather enjoying her . Then we stopped because another girl , a very cute one , came on the scene . I liked her at once and knew that she was a girl I could love . I went over and talked with her for a while and soon was kissing her as the other two girls and the mother looked on sadly . 	1
Waves of despair I am 27 years old and I feel as though I've done nothing in my life . I have a job that I hate . Money coming in , but going out just as fast . I feel like I haven't done anything . I feel like I'm already 27 and there's nothing to show for it . It's too late , it just constantly feels too late to do anything . Too late for more school , too late to get in shape , too late to find a partner , too late to be happy . I am paralyzed with fear , anxiety and guilt . When I look at life , I keep thinking " This is it ? This is that " life " thing that everyone keeps raving about ? This isn't great at all . In fact , this is awful . " I even feel guilty for thinking that , because there's always the argument that someone has it worse than I do . And that's true . But why does this still feel so awful ? I wish I could just " grow up " or " snap out of it " but I don't know how . I have retreated from all of my friends and family . I haven't seen my parents in two years . I have lost interest in the things that interested me . I often fantasize about suicide , not about the act of killing myself but about the feeling of true relief that it would bring . The idea of just wiping the slate clean and ending everything certainly feels appealing . I'm not suicidal , but I can definitely understand why people would do it . I lie in bed awake because I don't want to go to sleep because I don't want tomorrow to come , because tomorrow is just a new day of more of the same . I feel like I don't have control over my own life , and that it's just so easy for everyone else . I feel like I'm masquerading as someone who knows what they are doing , and at any moment people are going to realize that I'm a fraud at life . I feel like I'm on the ocean . I'm sitting in a small boat , and there's just wave after wave hitting me out of the boat . And I climb back on after each hit but sometimes you just want to not climb back on the boat anymore . 	2
I was traveling somewhere by bicycle with several other girls and somehow I got separated from them -- it seems to me that people that knew me kept stopping me and asking me questions , thus detaining me from catching up with my friends . I remember riding up out a hill with a building on it and seeing a trail going into the woods . I started to ride onto this train but realized that it would soon be dark ( it was 5:45 ) and I didn't want to be lost in the woods after dark - so I returned to the hill with a very frustrated feeling at having lost my friends . I remember having said " hello " to my sister as I was trying to catch up -- she didn't detain me , though . 	1
Long , pointless rant about how I feel right now . It's nearly 3:30 and I have to be up in 6 hours but I can't fucking sleep . My brain won't stop repeating and rehashing all of this stupid , fucked up shit from the past . And worrying it'll happen again in the future . And that somehow , I'm going to fuck up the semi-decent life I have finally cultivated . I worked so ducking hard and I don't want to fuck it up . I've been so depressed recently . Depressed in a way I haven't been for years . Detached , removed , lifeless . I think it's from the medication that I am now weaning off of . I have bipolar disorder , and usually my moods cycle quickly and within a day I feel a wide range of emotions . I got used to that , and I was coping . I was almost embracing it , because the depths of what I felt were so crystal clear and colorful , even at the darkest . It made the happiest and lightest feelings so much more meaningful . And knowing those would come got me through the dark . I was starting to get a handle on things , and embrace my individuality . But now I can't feel anything most of the time . Those happy feelings haven't been coming to relieve me and I feel like I'm stuck in and endless loop . And I feel guilty . For most of my life , feelings weren't allowed . As a kid , if I ever expressed sadness , anger , or anything that wasn't happiness or obedience I was told that it wasn't allowed . Not outright , but in a manipulative way . In previous relationships , my emotional nature wasn't accepted . It simply was too much or not good enough , reinforcing what I already thought of myself . That I was no good and nobody could be bothered with me if I wasn't happy . I was never taught to deal with any of those ' bad ' emotions , either . So I harmed myself , in many ways . I'm now at a place where I don't harm myself anymore . I haven't cut in 9 months , I don't abuse substances anymore , and I have been in a mostly healthy place with my eating disorder for at least 2 years now . However , currently , I feel awful for being so depressed . I feel like I need to hide it , stop it , or punish myself for it . I have an amazing boyfriend and I'm so scared I'm going to ruin things with him . He's so loving and supportive and has been by my side through so much , but I'm convinced that I'm going to push him away . I'm afraid to talk to my parents because they think I'm doing so well . My friends get annoyed when I'm down . The other day my friend said " you're so mellow , it's okay to be hyper you know " , while comparing me to how I ' used to be ' . In the past she would get annoyed with me when I was more ' intense ' . It's like I can't win . And I feel like everyone is sick of me and I should just go away . I finally started liking myself and now I'm crashing back here , thinking thoughts like I hate myself or I should die . What the fuck ? I thought I was through with this . And maybe I am doing better , maybe this will pass once the medication has left my system . Maybe my hormones need to balance out after switching birth control . Maybe I'm just stupid , for even thinking my ' problems ' measure up to anything . I'm nowhere as bad as I used to be , but when I backslide I'm afraid I will be , and I'm afraid I'll lose control . Like , how am I supposed to stop these thoughts in their tracks when they hit me like a ton of bricks out of nowhere and keep me up all fucking night ? Maybe I am just a horrible person and should keep my distance from everyone , so they won't get hurt and I won't fuck it all up . 	2
Realizing you are completely and utterly alone is an awful feeling . I feel this horrid emptiness burning in my gut , and my eyes fill with tears as I realize that these were just dreams and I haven't got a soul in my life . I'm uninteresting , unattractive , and it's impossible for me to make normal conversation , which has driven everyone away . Even my boyfriend admitted to pretending to be busy all the time just to avoid talking to/hanging out with me right before breaking it off . All my " friends " followed suit ; it seemed that one by one they all drifted away . Suddenly , they all became " busy " . I stopped asking if they could hang out . They never tried to make plans . I stopped texting first to see if maybe they would text me , to see if maybe they cared and they really were busy .. No one texted anymore . I haven't really talked to anyone in weeks . I text people occasionally thinking perhaps I can rekindle the friendships , but the conversations are always dry and quickly fall flat . I really wish I could be happy in the absence of people , but I'm so fucking lonely and filled with more self loathing then should be humanly possible . I don't know what to do . I try meeting new people , but then I quickly prove once again I'm incapable of any normal communication . I just want to be loved by someone , anyone . I want to matter . But after countless mornings of waking up to my own person hell , I've concluded that I will never mean a thing to anyone . I feel myself spiraling into a familiar state of wanting nothing but to die , and I have no one to blame but myself . 	2
nothing I see now that there are innumerable ways to do nothing . Today , I pour myself into the eyes of flowers . Together we look and wonder what in the world are the stars all waiting for . 	2
A band performance is in preparation . I have teamed up with some punks to do a gig . It's a ramshackle arrangement and the organisation is in total disarray . The bass player reminds me of my friend Tyler . He doesn't pull his weight to get anything ready . He just makes sarcastic remarks . I get pissed off and take him aside and grab him by the throat . 	1
Reposting for help : We should just be friends ... EDIT : I am M21 , she is F19 TL ;D R : A girl starts talking to me , tells me she's interested in me , we kiss a few times , hang out a few times , everything goes well until this last wednesday when an awkward situation happened between our friends . Now she wants space/thinks we should be friends ( told me through text ) , and I saw her with a guys arm around her and them holding hands ... She knew the guy before talking to me and after talking to me she told me that she talked to him and said she doesn't want to be with him , she's interested in someone else . Long TL ;D R , sorry . Long post too . Thanks for any help you can provide , I appreciate it . I think I am going to talk to her in person Monday or Tuesday , sometime next week , and try to get some closure on the situation . What should I do , if anything ? The full post is here : http://www.reddit.com/r/relationship_advice/comments/32uwxj/we_should_just_be_friends/ 	2
UPDATE // My [ 26F ] boyfriend [ 42M ] became furious and critical of me because I asked a couple to please be quiet in a movie theatre . Update to http://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/31vdnv/my_26f_boyfriend_42m_became_furious_and_critical/ Hi everyone , thought I might update what occurred when we spoke . Everyone had strong opinions about movie theatre etiquette and even stronger opinions about our age difference . Frankly put , go suck a dick for thinking that our age difference matters at all . This man supported me through the worst time of my life and continues to support me in my work life and my personal life . He actively encourages me to go out and make new friends , enjoy my hobbies , and he helps facilitate every single thing I enjoy . I count myself lucky to have found such a loving and caring man and he has never once held me back from something I wanted to do or ever said that I can't do something . He came home last night right on time and we went about our usual nightly ritual , everyone has one . I was reading on the sofa and he had brought home one some food from my most favorite kabob takeout place . After everything settled we sat down at the table and started eating . Our conversation began with the usual ' so how was your day ' kinda stuff and after he had a few bites I broached the main issue . I asked him if he was upset with me , and he said no of course not . I asked him what he thought about last night and he said exactly what a lot of other people had said and what I had expected . He told me that when the movie ended and he had gotten up , he was taken by surprise that I had decided to engage this couple with my little speech . He said that if I had told him that I was going to say a quick little quip to them then he would have handled it better . He also said that he still thinks that the better way would have been to shush them and then seek movie theatre staff if they were really truly terrible . I told him that I had been reading a lot of stuff online about what I should have done and I readily agree that I handled it poorly . I should have addressed the issue immediately and then sought other help if that didn't help . I also asked about him sleeping on the sofa because , as I told him , I am VERY against sofa sleeping . He said that he was wrong on that part , and he should have slept in bed . He said that he slept on the sofa because he wasn't sure how I was feeling and he didn't want to upset me more . He said that he knew he had freaked out on me and since it was late at night ( and it was , like around 11pm which is late for us office workers ) he didn't wanna provoke me more or possibly start a fight so he left me to read in bed alone . I told him flat out that he is never to sleep on the sofa unless absolutely necessary and that even when I'm upset I still love him . He said he loved me too and he was as unhappy as I was that night . I told him that the reason why I waited until the end of the movie was because I was afraid if I told them to shush during the show that they might retaliate or feel uncomfortable for the rest of the show , so I wanted to wait until I could say something and then leave immediately . He said that he understands my point of view and can see its validity , but safety wise when scolding strangers in public it's best to have backup . I laughed and agreed , obviously he was right . I was assuming the best but should have prepared for the worst . After that guess what ? We hugged , kissed , drank some good whiskey and watched some shows . We laughed and cuddled and enjoyed ourselves . This sub is so fun to read during the work day and I love how insightful many of you are . The posters here really do get great advice from ' strangers of the internet ' but wow . You guys jumped down my throat because of our age difference and nothing else . In my opinion , actions speak far louder than words , and he has been nothing short of attentive and loving . TLDR// My boyfriend and I kicked ass at communication and came to understand more aspects of each other and understand what happened more fully . Boo ya . 	2
I need help . I'm 24 years old . I work in a dead end retail job . I spend all the time I'm not at work playing video games . It's lucky if I even gather any motivation to shower unless I have to go to work . I have no education besides HS , I have no hobbies , no friends , and I have no ... passion , for anything . I have no interests . I feel empty . My motivation is all gone , and every time I try to get myself going , I find ways to destroy any resolve I may have . What do I do ? I can't take living like this . 	2
Am waiting on tables in a large dining room where I seem to be only waiter . People are mostly all waiting for service , few eating ; few with any dinnerware in front of them . I go to kitchen and no one is there and don't seem to see any dinnerware around . A couple enters dining room and I seat them and ask for their order . Couple is familiar to me , but can't recall their names . The man asks for a " gasket " for breakfast and says it is a sort of melon . This puzzles me . I return to kitchen and look for plates and cups for water . Finally see kitchen has an immense variety of shelves of all sizes , containing all kinds of dinnerware in disarray . I determine place needs organization and cleaning up . I prepare a tray with some cups of water for the couple and take to them . In placing down some spills and realize this is a fine way to start the service . Am also aware that people all around are getting impatient for service and that most of them arrived before the couple I am serving . 	1
I have an unhealty relationship with fantasy I've suffered from depression before , been diagnosed & amp ; medicated ( lightly ) . I'm a very active reader , I enjoy writing original fantasy and fanfiction , I play the bass guitar . I'm a creative and happy looking person , but not being able to live the fantasies I create is breaking me . I feel like I'm on the verge of depression again . Reality is never enough , i feel thirsty for the fantasy and excitement i see on TV , read in books or listen to in lyrics . Emotion , true passion , adventure , mostly fantasy/sci-fi . Real life tends to a mushy comfortable side that I hate . My romantic relationship has become a comfort zone , routine has taken over me and I don't feel real passion for anything any more . At work I feel either apathetic , revulsed or just hollow . College is a useless sinkhole . Writing , making music , reading , everything has a grey tint now that I can't seem to wipe off . Whenever I manage to sit down and start writing or to grab my guitar , I do get away , but coming back to reality crushes me and leaves me anguished and desperate . I've felt like this for years but now it's deepening . A great example of this : I roleplay with a bunch of friends in World of Warcraft . For over two years I had a huge crush on one of the npcs involved in my character story . You know you're fucked up when you feel like shit because the fanfiction you wrote about a computer game is not real . Crazy . I can't find the words to explain this to my psychologist without making it sound childish and stupid . I'm sad because I'm not a half elf wizard ? Because Hogwarts is not real ? Because interstellar travel is out of reach ? Because I can't fly , fight evil , hunt dragons , meet a vampire , open wormholes connecting alternate realities ? It sounds so goddamn stupid ! I'm 25 years old , I have a job , a partner , a house , a career , but all that doesn't seem to make me happy . I can't really explain it , so the diagnose is always " you are fine " , but how can I be fine if I'm constantly unsatisfied , imcomplete and feeling broken ? Did any of you felt like this before ? How did you cope ? Today I feel more lost than sad so advice is welcome . 	2
The view of a young boy lying face down on a floor or a street with some kind of fluid oozing out of his head . Then it turns into Mark , my nephew , in bed in my own bedroom on Summerset St. , and I'm having intercourse with him or her and there are now associations here of my first wife Betty . Only I'm having intercourse with a soft penis . There's a pleasant sensation of warmth and a wet vagina on the penis . 	1
My Dad ( 67/M ) doesn't believe in depression and frowns upon medication for just about any reason . I am suffering greatly . I need help but reaching out to him makes me feel worse . How do I make him understand how serious my pain is ? I am incredibly overwhelmed with pain from a serious neurological condition that forced me to move back home last year . My Dad and I have a very ice relationship . I don't like talking to him about any of my problems because when I reach out , he just makes me feel worse . And then he gets angry at me because I don't talk to him . He actually told me one night that I am too self-absorbed and I don't think of anyone else ... it just shows how little he really knows about how awful and dark my life has become . I am suffering terribly with depression , pain , anxiety , and isolation . But I feel like the people I need to understand most ; just don't . Is there anyway to approach this or should I know better by now and just avoid discussing it with him ? I want a stronger relationship with him . It just seems impossible . He's unintentionally hurt me very much with this type of ignorance . ** tl ; dr ** : How do I approach getting my Dad to acknowledge my pain and help support me ? I desperately need support from someone , especially in my family . 	2
Christmas , Scan , Scran and Jelly Bean Ah a few minutes to myself to indulge in a bit of writing . Been a bit hectic as I've had the mother-in-law staying since the 23rd . She's relatively low maintenance though and as she's french she brings over all tasty goodies like foie gras and french cheese . Nom . On the 23rd we had our 12 week Scan . It was actually not through the NHS as they don't do it this time of year but we were 12 weeks so we went to a private clinic to get it done . IT'S A BABY ! It is definitely a baby . With arms and legs and a head , and it kept moving and twitching like me dancing . My nan thinks it's a boy but I can't tell . The clinic emphasises that it's a scanning service only and doesn't give antenatal advice but the nurse said everything looked normal in the spine etc and it was 6 . 5cm long . Was lovely to be able to print pictures off and give them to my nans and parents . Christmas was relatively quiet by the usual standards as I think subconsciously everyone was being sympathetic to Em who can't drink , she did have her 1 unit a week in the form of a bottle of yummy champagne her mum brought back . I got a few nice presents but nothing was a better present than the Jelly Bean ( which is now the universal term for the baby ) . Although the bottle of Woodford Reserve bourbon my bro got me was a good one ... Since then we've been quiet chilled , I did some shopping using vouchers yesterday and got myself some tops from town . I always shop solo because it's a misconception that I don't like shopping . I just only like shopping for myself . I have a system . I walk into a shop and judge within 10 seconds if I'm going to make a purchase using the general theme of the clothes , if the people in there already look like morons and how loud the music being played is . I always end up in Blue inc ( 3 tops ) and Debenhams ( 2 ) anyway so I don't know why I bother going anywhere else . I met up with Em and her ma after that and we had a nice meal where I had Veal to add to my foie gras in my game of " PETA baiting " I'm a dolphin away from unlocking an achievement . I was going to post this in OD as well but as ever I can't even log on . Does it not work on google chrome anymore or something ? RIP OD 	2
I was at a sewing class and you picked out your design on the computer . The lady that was teaching us how to sew took me outside . We started running around the town . It was getting dark and I got scared that I would never see my parents again . But the lady brought me back to a room that my family was in . Setting : It took place at a sewing class outside . I knew almost all of them . Feelings and Thoughts : Happy , scared . At first I was happy , but then I got scared . 	1
I would burst into flames ... … if I didn’t have this place . … There are so many things I should be doing right now . Instead , I’m sitting here writing . That is SO me . It was a good day . I had plenty to keep me busy all day , and I even stayed past 6pm . My paycheck will be lovely next week . For the past couple days , I’ve been carrying my crocheted ruffle bag . This one : When I went to the bank this morning , the teller asked me what it was . “ Is that a dress ? ” Uh , yeah , I carry an extra dress with me to hold my wallet and stuff . So I told him I made it , and he told me that I should sell my creations . Ha . I made that back when I was unemployed ; it would take me a lot more time now . The boss man eats out for lunch every day and charges on one of the company credit cards . So when the statement arrives , I have to make sure I have receipts for each charge , and today I found two restaurants that charged him more than what his receipt said . I am assuming the waiter at the one place gave himself an extra $3 on his already $15 tip . The other restaurant’s charge was $4 over . I brought it to the boss man’s attention , and he did not seem too concerned . Must be nice to be able to spend around $1000-1400 a month just on lunches and not care about getting ripped off for $7 . But ok . If he doesn’t care that he’s getting ripped off , I guess I shouldn’t care either . I learned how to make a product I’d never made before . It is far more tedious than the other one I usually help build . I stuffed 12 panels of 15 units each , so 180 . It took me longer than usual too , because I had to cut the thermistors down to size manually as I went . The last half hour I was there , I just cut down thermistors and put them in a bin . I think when I go in on Monday morning , I will build some more after I get the payroll submitted . These are thermistors : I had to trim those wires down . At the end of the day , April and I were the only ones left in the building . She said she wanted to go out to eat for dinner , but that she didn’t want to take the kids . So I suggested she and I go out for dinner together , and she said ok . Next thing I knew , she was calling her husband , and I listened to a long , drawn out conversation about what they were going to do for dinner . I tried really hard not to be annoyed , because I didn’t really want to have dinner with her . I was tired , and I had to get home and prepare for my trip tomorrow . But I was kinda annoyed . Ah , well , I should go and do something . Maybe get some laundry going , get out my suitcase , throw some stuff in it .... 	2
I [ 20/m ] am looking for a gift for my girlfriend [ 20/f ] who is starting a new job teaching Hi guys , my girlfriend is currently on vacation for a month and shortly after she's going to be working full time as an instructor for an AP/SAT tutoring business . This is her first time teaching and I wanted to surprise her with a few gifts when she comes back which would help make her job easier . She's going to be planning the curriculum herself and dealing with 30 or so kids all day so I know there's something I could give her to help her out . But I'm terrible at coming up with ideas for gifts , so I would appreciate it if anyone could give me some suggestions . Thanks ! :) 	2
Ba Ba Billy I steal my dad's old gray car and start driving to Super America in Oak Valley . I drive south down our alley , turn right onto 1st Street , and then turn left , going south , on Slope Avenue . There is road construction . I have a suicide knob on the steering wheel . I am sitting partially in the passenger seat . I pull into Super America . There is a semi-truck driver there . He is unloading what looks like legs to some tables . He is also buying some guns from another man there . The man selling the guns is huge ! He bosses the truck driver around . I am on a motorcycle . I can't find the kickstand to the motorcycle . When I do find it I can't get the motorcycle to stand up . I am trying to park the motorcycle by a row of trees that run along the west side of the alley . I lay the motorcycle down and walk towards Super America . I realize I don't have my wallet , so I can't redeem my lottery ticket . I walk back . There are two men shaving their hair off with big knives . My motorcycle is then the orange lawn chair that my mom has . I want to leave . The two men are hostile . They talk about someone from Hillston , or the area around Hillston . They don't like the person they are talking about . I sit down in the orange lawn chair . It is breaking . I want to leave . The men may think or act like I am the person they don't like . Either they or I say or sing a song with the words to a song , " Ba Ba Billy , we look to you for guidance . " I remember the melody to the song after awakening . 	1
NoJoMo9 Today’s prompt is about your secret desire . Mine has shifted some , over the years . But it’s always circled around a central idea - to become a photographer . For me it’s always about nature . I’ve also always wanted to write a book . The two have come together in the idea of writing a children’s book with my pictures , some like CC Anderson , but for kids . 	2
Anyone else feel they will never get the help they need because they just shut down in therapy ? Every time I talk to a therapist , or any mental health professional for that matter , I can't say how I really feel and exclude relevant details or even just refuse to answer questions . The last time I really tried to have therapy I sat in silence for literally 20 minutes or something then just walked out . The worst thing is I've been told by various professionals I will never get better if I " don't try " . I think I do try , and very hard , though . It's being affirmed to me time and time again that I might as well just try and cope with things on my own if I continue being this way . Has anyone had this problem and overcome it somehow ? 	2
I dreamed that I had a date with one of the younger doctors ( age approximately thirty three ) on the staff at the hospital in my hometown . I was very happy when I met him at the door . He came in and we sat down and talked for a while . We discussed some of the patients that he had on the floor on which I was working & we decided to go dancing that evening . Then we started out to go dancing . 	1
AC/Fan/White Noise/Hyperacusis Due to the fluctuations in my hearing I have become addicted to my air conditioner . I haven't needed it to cool the house lately so much as I am really addicted to the noise of it . I tried to download several apps of white noise , and none of them worked for what I needed . Today I decided to break the addiction to the ac and take it out of my window . My neighbor brought over her little fan for me to try and I fell in love with it instantly . This surprises me because normally fan noises bother me . I got on Amazon and looked for her exact fan , and guess what ? They have " upgraded " the model to a new 25% quieter model , and you can't buy the model she has . Ugh ! I don't want 25% quieter , but I ordered one anyways . It will be here on Wednesday . If nothing else , if I don't like it , maybe I can offer the neighbor the nice new clean one and take her older dirty one . lol Yes , I have become * that * picky about noise . I can barely tolerate the bathroom fan noise , and I do mean barely . I cannot stand the kitchen exhaust fan noise . That fan is like nails on a chalkboard . I have 2 window fans , and while I can handle the noise from the other room , I can't handle the noise if it is in the same room as I am in . My air conditioner noise really was perfect . I've never had a noise that was perfect like that before , until I tried my neighbors fan . I just sent her a message asking if she needs the fan back tonight . I am hoping she says no , so I can sleep with it running tonight . Mine will be here Wednesday - it can't come soon enough . Did I seriously just write an entire entry bitching about fan noise ? I sure have gotten picky about sounds lately . Who am I kidding - I've always been picky about noise . I hate most noise , which is why I don't watch tv . In my defense , there is a diagnosis that explains what I deal with - it's called hyperacusis . Hyperacusis ( also spelled hyperacousis ) is a health condition characterized by an over-sensitivity to certain frequency ranges of sound ( a collapsed tolerance to usual environmental sound ) . A person with severe hyperacusis has difficulty tolerating everyday sounds , some of which may seem unpleasantly loud to that person but not to others . ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hyperacusis ) Technically it's not like I am bitching just to bitch . Noise really does bother me , which is why I am not overly concerned about losing my hearing due to the Meniere's attacks , especially if it would make the spinning stop . 	2
So , This is Happiness ! 12-12-2002 So , This is Happiness ! [ Friends Only Entry ] Thursday , December 12 , 2002 I had a very good day . I worked 14 hours today and yet I still had a good day . I met lots of nice people . Helped a lot of nice people . Talked to a lot of nice people . Worked with a lot of nice people . For the first time in a long time I walked out of work with a group of people . They all welcomed me . It was the first time I worked with people at my new job . I usually work alone ... but not today ! It was so nice . I think I am going to like it there . My life is good right now . Ever since I stopped hearing from Keith things have turned around . I am not wasting my time trying to make a scrub love me . I can't believe what happened to Keith . Either he finally showed me the real him , or he turned into a real scrub . No job , can't pay rent , jacked up credit , careless , thoughtless , and very selfish . He's nothing like what I met 2 years ago . There is definatly something the matter with him . If it's not depression , the it's pyscological . I have a hard time even looking at him now . Sometimes I wish there was something I could do to help him . However , he doesn't think there is anything wrong . So , what am I supposed to do ? Try to help someone that obviously doesn't want help , or need it ? No ... Not this time . This time I am just helping me . It's my turn to be selfish . And damn it ... I am going to enjoy it . It's truly my turn to be happy . Sure , there may be no love in my life ... but it doesn't matter . I have great people in my life that care about me . The people that just used me are gone . I can't stop smiling . I am truly happy again . I actually have tears of joy in my eyes . Thank you , God . You finally answered my prayers . Thank you ... Thank you ... Thank you ! Her Leave a Note Spell Check so your happy thats good . 12/12/2002 9:41:35 PM dwp 	2
I went to my birth home for Halloween . There were a lot of us that were going Trick or Treating . I arrived in costume . Most of the others were in costume as well . Two of Uncle P's sons were there to go with us , but they weren't going to wear costumes . At the last minute I decided not to go . I and someone else , maybe Macy F , helped Brian F with his costume . It seems that it was some kind of a bug . It was shaped like an M & M , red , very soft and fluffy like a pillow , but it had four long thin cords sewn on at the left side of his body and after he put the costume on these cords had to be taken across the front of his body and attached on the right side . They weren't tight across the front at all . It was more like they formed a bit of an arch , yet there was nothing in them that should have allowed them to hold an arch shape . Also , they weren't supposed to be attached in the same order on the right side as on the left . So we were trying to figure out where each one got attached and keep them untangled etc . There was something like a button on the end of each one and that button went into a hole in the fabric that looked like someone had just cut or torn a tiny hole in the fabric . It wasn't an actual buttonhole . Just a few minutes after two people came back in to get something from one of the bedrooms . They were talking excitedly about how much candy they had gotten already . They each said they had over 100 pieces already . The front door was open and I heard someone just outside of it talking about something in the living room . As I went out there to see what was going on I noticed that one of them was just getting ready to throw something at a candle we had lit . It was like a votive candle in a clear glass candleholder , similar to mine on my altar . As he was getting ready to throw it someone with him said , Go ahead . Take your best shot . I wasn't in time to prevent what he threw from hitting the candle but I did catch it as it started to fall and prevented it from hitting the floor or starting a fire . As I caught it I looked at them . I don't know if they were children or adults . or even real people , though I assumed they were children in costume . The face of the one was very close to the floor and had a head similar to what you see depicted in movies as an alien . It was oversized , with no hair . As I looked at him he turned his head almost completely sideways , gave me a very odd look and then seemed to disappear . One of the people with him , the size of an adolescent , had turned and walked away as soon as I had come into sight . The third , also the size of an adolescent , just stood there looking at me . He was also in costume . It wasn't an alien costume but something intended to be frightening . I decided to go out with my family members who had returned to get something . I asked where the bags were but as I asked I saw them in a box . They were brown paper grocery sacks . That's what we were using for Trick-or-Treating . 	1
The town had become this strange peat bog , all hemmed in by mist . At one end was 1st and 2nd street , and right after that came Miramar Avenue , on which was Will's house . I was being chased and I found refuge in Will's house . I kept going into the wrong rooms , though , which were all full of his family members , all sound asleep . Finally I found the right room , with Will and all his friends watching a horror/sci-fi movie . Apparently Will was throwing a publication party : Will had had some long school project to do , and so he had farmed sections of it out to each of his friends , and we all wrote a bit of it . The final thing ended up being like 300 pages . The teacher had thought it was so good he had it published as an anthology ! I found my bit in it and read it over . The whole thing was printed in a really cool font , with unique margin illustrations on each page . 	1
I am with my son at some school activity and we were supposed to meet with some important person , maybe the principal , I'm not sure who , but she wanted to meet with us in 5 minutes and she said it was very important that we be on time , but I had to stop and go to the bathroom , and my son wanted to stop and do a few other things , and I kept thinking we've got to hurry up . 	1
Help , my dear friend wants to kill herself .. tomorrow I don't really know how to help her , but she's only 12 . She is my best friend and I don't know how to prevent it . Help me . She says she's worthless to everyone . What am I supposed to do ??! 	2
Can't fight this feeling Annnndddddddd lets add one more slap to the face ... Per Tami - " The schedule stays the same . If I get an ass chewing , I get an ass chewing . " Of course , they are assuming that since Shelia won't go over 10 days for the pay period , she won't get paid overtime . And honestly , what kind of ass chewing will she get when her boss is also her brother ? She has nothing to fear , has nothing to lose , and can therefore take advantage of her " management power " . Last time I heard , anything over 40 hours in one week was considered overtime . But what do I know ? I could be wrong . Me personally , I'd be all over that overtime shit and demanding to know if I get paid for over 40 hours or over 80 hours . Shelia doesn't seem concerned . Stupid dumb shit . If she wants to be taken advantage of , her choice . But yeah , once again , I'm being deliberately denied extra hours . Guess it goes to show that good girls do come in last . Lord , I know you have a master plan in the works for me . I'm trying so hard to be patient . I'm trying to do the right thing , the right thing for my family . I'm ready to move forward with your plan when you are . Sooner would be nice , but if I must wait longer , can you please lay your hand upon my heart ... reassure me that it is during this time that you are carrying me ... bring comfort to my troubled mind ... 5 Trust in the LORD with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding ; 6 in all your ways acknowledge him , and he will make your paths straight - Proverbs 3:5 -6 ( New International Version ) 11 No discipline seems pleasant at the time , but painful . Later on , however , it produces a harvest of righteousness and peace for those who have been trained by it . - Hebrews 12:11 ( New International Version ) 8 We are hard pressed on every side , but not crushed ; perplexed , but not in despair ; 9 persecuted , but not abandoned ; struck down , but not destroyed . - 2 Corinthians 4:8 -9 ( New International Version ) 9 Let us not become weary in doing good , for at the proper time we will reap a harvest if we do not give up . - Galatians 6:9 ( New International Version ) 13 May the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace as you trust in him , so that you may overflow with hope by the power of the Holy Spirit . - Romans 15:13 ( New International Version ) 	2
My mom gave me this text on paper . I still did't get what it means ... & gt ; " You know , I died before the internet and blogs came a long , but if I did have a blog , & gt ; it would have been a lot like the long cut ( but dumber ) song . " I'm still searching what does it deeply mean . So weird ... @_@ 	2
i was so wrong about you !!! I have been single for almost a year now . While dating is not my priority at the moment , it would be nice to have someone special again . I have two online dating profiles , one being a " one match per day " thing . I get a lot of hits on the other one , but i don't even open it frequently enough and not strongly interested in those that contact me . I have more success meeting a man at a bar every weekend ( nyc ! ) . But dating sucks . Half of the men at bars just want to get laid . The other half lack the connection i look for in a mate . Suddenly someone sparked my interest online . We texted a bit and after over two weeks , finally met up . I had a great time . He was refreshing . He was different . I was pleasantly surprised . He asked to see me again . I cancelled but was in touch . I had gotten ill and could not see him . He was in touch , would call me , and asked to see me again . I obliged . We agreed on a day but not a place , i prefer making definite plans day of anyway . Day of -- he vanished and i never heard from him again . Utter disappointment and i feel blindsided . He was nice !! I heard this is fairly common but its a first for me !! I hate it . I hate dating . I hate these games . Sure i have been on dates where it didn't work out ... but nothing mysteriously puzzling as this !! Ive become friends with former dates , or there's clear communication or let down on either side if there's no romantic interest . Not weird disappearing act like this ! Sure its easy to move on and forget it all ... but i have to vent , dating sucks . I think ill be alone forever instead !!! Sigh . 	2
OPM 16 Babies ( animal or human ) OR Smiles I will pick - S M I L E S I share pix of my doggie babies all the time - so I will share us :) A smile is infectious and must be done by you and everyone at least twice a day . Remember in the movie “ Eat Pray Love ” when Liz was told to go home and do a silent meditation and smile the whole time ? I want to try that . I want to be happy for everything that I have … the feeling of happiness is all inclusive to smiling :) :D This smile is after 3 glasses of Champs ! Ha ! and here is one that I love because all it is only our smiles : Last updated October 15 , 2014 	2
There's something in the snow in Boston . Last night , it was in my house . ( Update ) [ Part 1 ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2ul46b/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston/) [ Part 2]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2uqyl6/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_update_1/) [ Part 3]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2v4snm/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_update/) [ Part 4]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2vatbe/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_with_video/) [ Part 5]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2vf5s9/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_thank_you/) [ Part 6]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2vxjxy/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_update/) [ Part 8]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2wv5m8/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_update_has/) [ Part 9]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2wzehf/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_update/) ** Sunday , February 15th . 10:00 AM ** Last night was utter hell . As we have every night for the last week , we bundled in to the living room to sleep . As the week has progressed , the floor has steadily transformed in to a bed . Carpets and tapestries line the floor and the walls , and piles of blankets and pillows cover the any bare surfaces . A few strategic candles line the coffee table – anything we can do to lend a feeling of warmth to the room . Even a few stuffed animals have made it to the collection . The cats have claimed the recliner , mine settled on the back and Anna and Nathan’s ( the Beast , apparently , did not have the power to remove their cat when it removed physical signs of them ) curled on the seat . More than anywhere else in the house , it’s felt safe , the last few days . With the sliding door shut , it feels like the last bastion of warmth in a frozen world . With the coming blizzard , Sean proposes that we sleep in shifts . We haven’t bothered , other nights . It’s been a bit unseasonably cold , and there’s been a bit of the snow , but the Beast , wherever he is , has been quiet . Tonight feels different . The snow started at 2:00 PM , as predicted . By the time 10:00 rolled around and I left last night’s post the first wave of snow was slowing down . At the time , meteorologists were telling us that we’d maybe see eight inches , at the most . The big concern , as with any blizzard , would be the wind whipping up the snow that had already fallen . It was a storm the equivalent of a category 2 or 3 hurricane , but it looked like the worst of it would miss us . They were very , very wrong . Sean took the first watch , but I slept fitfully . The snow reflects off the lampposts , and the ambient light is fairly bright . We would close the curtains , but with everything going on , it seems safer to see the world outside . Ever hour or so , I would roll over , and blink the sleep from my eyes . Sean stood in sharp profile , silhouetted against the window . The wind was just beginning to start , and you could see it move in gusts through the dim light . I thought I fell back asleep , but when I rolled over again an hour later , it seemed Sean hadn’t moved . I managed to fight past the sleep and force out a question , “ Is everything alright ? ” Sean was leaning towards the window , looming hawkishly , staring unflinchingly in the direction of the church . He shook his head , and said softly , “ No . ” I pushed myself farther forwards , careful not to disturb Lila sleeping next to me . Without moving his head from the window , Sean continued , “ I think Satan’s watching me . Has been for about thirty minutes . ” I start to get up , but Sean waves at me to stay down . His voice is quiet and furtive , “ I don’t want him to know you’re in here . ” “ It looks like Satan ? Like a big goatman ? ” Sean doesn’t nod , but I can tell he wants to , “ Yeah . But … different . He looks … dead . ” “ Like something dragged him up a salted road , yeah . That’s what Lila and I saw . What’s he doing ? ” “ Just standing there . Watching me watching him . ” “ Is there anyone with him ? ” “ No . ” Something strage passes over Sean’s face , something dark and unfamiliar . He gestures to me again . “ Do you think it is ? Satan , that is ? ” I shake my head slowly , “ No …. I – I’m not sure I believe in Satan . ” “ Even now ? ” “ Even now . ” “ If it’s not Satan , than what is it ? ” I shrug , “ I’m not sure . A devil ? An alien ? Something older than Satan – older than all the Abrahamic religions … It’s The Beast . ” Sean seems to contemplate that for a moment , then turns , finally , away from the window . Just for a moment . We lock eyes . “ Go back to sleep . You’re up in two hours , and you need it . ” He’s right , but I don’t think I’ll be able to sleep . I pull the covers over my head , anyway . It’s worth it to try . Somehow , I manage . My dreams are wrought and filled with strange shapes . Twisting shadows and stalking faces . Figures I used to know , numbers on their foreheads and blood slowly dripping down their faces . Two fitful hours later , Sean is shaking me awake . I clear my eyes . Out side , it’s started snowing again . I’m still half asleep , but Sean is urgent , “ I lost track of the Beast . ” “ What ? ” I can hardly understand him through the fog , “ What do you mean ? ” “ I mean I was watching him and I blinked and he’s gone . ” Sean thrusts a mug of coffee in to my hand , and pulls me up off the pile of pillows . His eyes are wide and urgent . “ Look . Look ! ” I’m not sure what Sean expects me to see , if there’s nothing out there to see , but I oblige him . I’m a bit bewildered . “ Yeah . There’s nothing there … ” I’m not sure if I feel safer being able to see the Beast , or not . I set up post at the window , “ Why don’t you hit the sack , Sean . ” The wind outside sounds like a roar , and the snow drifts by in thick , white walls . Sean very reluctantly moves towards his couch . No sooner has his head touched the pillow , as a thud sounds on the front door . Sean sits bolt upright , and Lila stirs behind him . I turn to Sean , eyes wide . “ You locked the front door , right ? ” “ Of course , of course . ” Sean grabs a tire iron – one of the few truly iron objects in hour house – and I grab a gardening spade . Lila slowly rouses herself – I point her to my still-steaming mug of coffee on the table . The sliding door to the living room latches , but that’s it . It does little to actually protect against anything in the house . I open the door , just a touch . There are fine lines of salt , undisturbed , on both side sides of the door . The inner line continues the rest of the way around the room . I push my head past the door , over the line . The house is still . We’re about to pass it off as a relic of the wind , a sound in the storm , when the knocking comes again - this time , it’s slow and deliberate , from the rear of the house . One by one , the candles in the living room go off . The lamp flickers , but stays on . “ That sound’s definitely there ? ” I ask , “ Definitely not going crazy ? ” Lila nods in agreement , “ Definitely not . ” “ OK . What do we do about it ? ” The knock comes again , steady and insistant . No one says anything . Sean returns to the window . “ You guys . There’s something out here . ” The knock hasn’t stopped . I don’t leave the doorway . “ The Beast ? ” Sean shakes his head . “ No . It’s too small . It’s hard to see through the snow . ” Lila joins Sean at the window , “ It’s Anna . It’s definitely Anna . And … oh god , she’s holding a knife . She’s…” Lila trails off , choking . I want to turn around , look away from the living room , but I refuse . “ What’s she doing . Tell me , now . ” Sean takes over . “ She’s pointing it at us … she’s putting it at her throat . Oh … oh , she’s… she’s pulling it … she’s slicing her own throat . ” Lila turns away from the window , gagging , “ Why are they making us watch this ? ” “ Is she dead ? Is she standing ? ” Sean shakes his head , “ She’s standing . She’s smiling , and blood is coming out of her mouth , and she’s… I can’t do this . If you have to know , we can fucking switch spots . I can’t . ” There’s something that feels incredibly wrong about taking turns watching our dead friend , very disaster-porny . But I have to know , everything could matter . Lila takes my spot in the doorway , and I move to the window to join Sean . It’s Anna there , absolutely . Mouth and throat splitting in unearthly grins , a garish red semi-circle from one ear , to the other . The blood drips to the ground , but the snow underneath her is a horrifying , bone white . The knocking on the back door hasn’t stopped , but seems to have moved . It’s slowly , ever so slowly , making its way around the corner of the house . The timber of the knocking changes , a hollow ringing . It’s knocking on a window . There’s a faint sound of a seal breaking , and a burst of wind enters the house . “ Shit , ” I whisper , “ The back window . The snow must have drifted high enough to let it in – “ Sean cuts me off , “ Does it even need a drift ? We need to fucking salt those windows , or something , or … ” The floor creaks . It seems to be coming from the kitchen . “ Fuck . It’s inside . Fuck . ” I grab the tire iron tigher , and move closer to the door . Lila grabs the fabric of my nightgown , knuckles white . “ Where do you think you’re going ? ” I shake her grip off , “ I’m not just going to stay in here . If it’s in the house , it’s in the house . ” Lila is frantic , “ Don’t go out there ! ” “ If it wanted us , it would have us , right now . It can hear us , can’t it ? It’s doing something , and I want to see . ” I push my head past the doorway . Instantly , the temperature seems to drop twenty degrees . To my right , in the kitchen , a shadow is slowly moving . It has two giant , spiraling horns . I pull my head back in , to instant relief . “ I can see it . ” Lila is still frantic , “ Well , what are you going to do now ? ” “ I don’t fucking know , I hadn’t thought that far ahead ! ” Pans clank in the kitchen . There’s a hissing sound , followed by a clicking and a faint * fwumpf * . “ That’s the stove , ” Lila frowns , “ Is he * cooking* ? ” “ I don’t know – maybe ? It sounded like … ” There’s another hissing sound , and another , and another . The blood drains from Sean’s face , “ Oh my god . It’s not cooking – it’s killing us . ” Lila whirls around , “ Killing us ? ” “ It’s running the stove – letting out the gas without burning it . That’s all four burners . ” The smell of the propane starts drifting towards the room . “ I’m not staying in this room while it kills us . ” I turn to Sean , “ Grab the shovel and come with me . ” Sean won’t be swayed , “ You must be crazy if you think I’m leaving this room . I watch scary movies , I know how this works . ” “ Do you seriously think a line of salt is going to stop this thing ? You think it’s Satan , dammit ! Whatever it is , it’s sitting in there laughing at us , right now , and I’ll be damned if I’ll let it laugh . Are you coming with me or are you staying in here ? ” It’s Lila who steps forwards . She yanks the shovel out of Sean’s hand . “ I’m going with you . ” I catch her eye and hold up my fingers – 3 -2 – 1 – and we burst forwards . The Beast is standing in the doorway to the kitchen , grinning broadly , clearly waiting for us . I can smell rancid , burning garlic on his breath . Smoke curls slowly out of his flat , slittled nostrils . He holds one hand out , as if daring for us to take it . We both freeze . Lila lowers her shovel , pointing the blade towards the Beast’s stomach . He chuckles softly , unimpressed . His eyes glint darkly . Lila swallows . I look towards her , and nod . As fast as she can , Lila charges forwards , spade lowered like a lance . I follow closely behind her , and to the right – and try to throw myself around the Beast , and in to the kitchen . I dive forwards , bracing myself to hit the Beast . I’m not sure what will happen if I touch it , I’m sure it won’t be good – but the impact never comes . I skid in to the kitchen , landing on my knees . Lila has stepped to the side , and is staring ahead blankly . A dark chuckle sounds from behind us . I whip around . The Beast is still there , smile still curling back towards his ears . He’s between us and the living room now – between us , and Sean . I briefly consider throwing my tire iron , but a breeze from the open window throws the propane back in my face . I ignore the Beast – he’s a distraction – and rush towards the stove . I crank the burners off , and whirl back towards Lila and the Beast – just in time to watch him lift his fingers , the faint smell of sulfer overpowering the propane , and snap his fingers . As they snap , they spark , and we throw ourselves to the ground as the air turns to flame . And then its over . I lift myself off the floor . The hair on the back of my neck is singed , but somehow … we’re still alive . And the Beast – and the smell of garlic – is gone . Lila drops the shovel to the floor with a clatter . “ What . The hell . Just happened . ” I shake my head . “ I’m not sure . ” But Sean is . “ He let us live . Satan let us live . ” “ But why ? ” Sean doesn’t have an answer . ** Sunday , February 15th . 10:00 PM ** We slept fitfully and in shifts until the sun rose . Then , exhausted , we gave up on the pretense of keeping watch , and as the grey dawn light drifted through the snow , we drifted off to sleep . The kitchen showed no sign of the previous fire , a lingering scent of garlic and burning hair the only sign something had happened . It was quickly replaced by the warm smell of cooking pancakes . Even when a hell beast is stalking you , you have to shovel out your house and cars . It wasn’t easy – the predicted 8 inches of snow was more like 16 , and the hurricane-force wind pushed it and the previous snow in to drifts as high as my chest . The cold was our one saving grace , and the snow was light enough that we could make quick work of it . Although the snow had stopped , the wind was still blowing , and drifts slowly moved back across our cleared paths . By the time finished and went back inside , it was five hours later , and the sun was just beginning to set . The wind had already undone most of our work . David Epstein , a New England meteorologist , says we’ve got two possible storms coming up this week . They’ll be bad – but they might miss us and head out to sea . I get a feeling they won’t . Sean takes the first watch again . ** Monday , February 16th . 7:00 AM ** The Beast came back again last night , during my watch . He showed up at about 4 AM , two hours in to my shift . Lila had been asleep for about a half hour , her breathing steady and deep . First , the smell of garlic came . I turned around slowly , ripping my gaze away from the window . He’s in the doorway , the ever-present grin splitting his goatlike face . He stays there for another two hours , maybe . Not moving , just watching me , watching my roommates sleep . I don’t ’ want to , and I’m not sure I could even if I did . At 6 AM , the dawn light is just beginning to peak over the hill . Not much , but magnified by the snow , the room is noticeably lighter . The Beast raises one hand , slowly . He curls his fingers slowly , in a mockery of a wave . A slight , keening noise fills the room . I had thought it was impossible , but the smile pulls towards his eyes , just a bit more . He turns on his hoof , and slowly – walks ? – out . The sound continues for a minute before I realize that it’s coming from me . [ Part 8]( http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/2wv5m8/theres_something_in_the_snow_in_boston_update_has/) 	2
food I've been following the Weight Watchers program for about a year . I'm participating in a medical study - would using WW to lose weight help my diabetes blood sugar readings ? Yes . I go to my last doctor's appointment this coming week . I don't know if I'll get WW for the following year , so I haven't been going EVERY week lately . They rolled out a new program this year : smart start . No points ( well , 7 in a day ) but eating clean as much as possible and TONS of veggies and whole grains . I like to eat that way anyway , but am trying to stick closer to it . I tried quinoa ( again ) and still don't like it much . I'll use it under a flavorful topping - something spicy/savory ( not too hot ) and just drown the non-taste it has . I've been making a topping for the whole wheat cous-cous that is similar to the Moroccan food that would normally go with it . I opt for EASY cooking : steam cauliflower , add a can of diced tomatoes ( stewed tomatoes would work also , but that's MUCH higher in sugar ) and add a SMALL can of chick peas . I add a LOT of cinnamon as the cinnamon/tomato combination gives me the flavor I am looking for . it has a strong enough taste and is VERY filling . I can make it once for more than one meal . 	2
Waiting for the other shoe to drop Just returned from 5 days in Las Vegas . Brother has managed to get himself " on the outs " with the new group home manager . I reprimanded him ... took some of his privileges away . I told him it is up to him . I can't be there 24/7 . I was so exhausted I came home a day early . I had a temporary bridge put in my mouth the very day I drove up there . I was just healing up from the minor cleaning the Wed before that . Yesterday I had the deep cleaning done and two temporary crowns put on . All will be finished July 10th . I am on a 3 day regimen of soft food only . I would love it if it would be indefinite . I can stand to lose a huge lot of pounds . Last updated August 24 , 2014 	2
This is pretty much a jumble , and I don't remember the order . In one part I was cutting through the pavement of a plaza in front of a church . I don't remember why . I had permission from someone to do it , but I'm not sure it was someone in position of authority , so I was still a little afraid of getting caught . The saw had a very short blade , and it was clearly going to take some time , especially since I had to cut through from one side to the other in about three different directions . It cut surprising easily , though . At one point I saw some clothing in the hollow beneath the pavement that I cut open . I recognized them as belonging to my wife Anita and me . I cut a hole and thought about making it big enough to put my fist through and retrieve them , but then I realized that it was clothing we had gotten rid of , so didn't see the point in getting it back . 	1
so the story continues …. i guess what is new ? its been a while aside from my fitness updates , which are pretty boring i guess . mostly for my own documentation i guess or whatever . anyhow , where am i now ? what am i up to ? same job , still like it , same apt , still like it , though i got a new roommate which is fine . he hasn’t done anything stupid yet . i’m getting a nice bonus right around my bday which should be exciting . gonna spend it on all sorts of stupid stuff , international travel maybe a tattoo or 4 and a tv . maybe other stuff , no big deal . yeah i’m going to be hitting up eastern europe in the summer . i’m pumped about that . got to buy a new bed maybe i’ll do that too . so what else ? well a woman that i was close to for a while told me she slept with someone she shouldn’t have . completely knocked herself off what little bit of a pedestal i had her on . now i already knew about it , but it still surprised me to hear it from her . it made me think there was something still going on with her in my head somewhere to have that reaction . anyhow she will remain in my life as nothing more than ordinary . which the main reason i liked her was because she was not . fooled me . anyhow right now theres 2 ladies i’m romantically (?) involved with , i guess . nothing serious , just one for fun and the other one is fun to hang out with . not much more to say there . i am working on music , slowly and steadily its getting going . maybe someday when i feel like attaching this to me i’ll post it . still alive , still pumped , still not satisfied , still improving , still trying to kill it . 	2
I was in college and I was going out with a guy that I had been going out with in high at the time . I remember that it took place at night and it was raining . He was the class president at our college and he was very smart but the only problem was that he has a big white tooth .. We were going to go to the movies but he couldn't fit in the seats , because he was so big . 	1
